---
description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpvfwVglvkY
---

# MFM #165: How Jack Butcher is Selling his Art for $76m & How to Research Wealthy People

Date: 03/31/2021

Duration: 1 hours, 18 minutes, 4 seconds

Model: Whisper-small

Do you see what jacket? It's crazy. I thought he meant you selling one NFT for like a hundred grand I didn't or however much you sold that like what's the difference between a jp and an f t thing I didn't see that you have one for 76 million dollars. Just put it up this morning. Do you think that's gonna work? I feel like I can rule the world. I know I could be what I want to Put my all in it like my days off on a road. Let's travel never looking back Just kind of an update on My bitplot thing that I wanted to talk about but we can do it later if we want it doesn't have to be at the beginning What I would rather you you you lead it and let's you want to talk about jack butcher like we have a ton of like This is all related and actually Yeah, there's like the world is so weird right now and amongst our friends I think that there's probably a tier or two above But we are in such an odd tier where we have very close friends Or you and me a little bit but less so have made a fair amount of money on all of this new stuff happened Yes, kind of crazy So I'll say if you're tired of us talking about Bitcoin and nfts and all the crypto stuff Uh, this is probably not it'll probably skip ahead to the part where we're going to talk about You know dictionary.com

later. So so so I would say we're gonna go we're gonna show you some range today We're gonna talk about a website. That's like 25 years old and then we're gonna talk about You know a website that's like 25 minutes old, which is a big cloud. So Let's talk about jack first. Okay, so we have a friend jack butcher Who is uh, he's behind this account. That's kind of very popular on twitter called visualized value He himself was kind of like a designer background. So very like kind of an artistic guy and um, by the way, every every time I say artistic I think I'm about to say autistic and so I have to like, you know, catch myself each time make sure I didn't call them autistic So it could be that too.

Who knows? I mean, actually the thing about jack is he's very smooth very very low key nicest guy in the world and I I met I met jack a year ago a year ago I contacted him and asked him to do this design stuff and then he was just up and coming right and Sarah and I my wife became friends with jack and his wife and We they spent Thanksgiving with us down here in austin where uh, they just had a baby and we've been friends with them talking all that stuff and He did his story is that he used to live in new york city him and his wife.

He's british. He he came here 10 years ago They shared a one bedroom Or sorry a studio apartment that was 400 square feet and he was there were nothing I mean, they were they they were they try to start an agency business. They didn't go so well and they were on their last dollar And this was only like 18 months ago, right? Okay, so he he kind of pivots to basically saying okay within the agency work that I do The part that I like and I'm good at and other people don't seem to like what they really want Are these like pitch decks I'm making I'm really good at making these slides Where it's just a rectangle and I communicate some information on it And so that's where the visualized value brand came from was he's just putting out like a little you know Like an image a rectangle that would take a concept and like bring it to life visually And so he started off getting popular by just taking a bunch of nevals Uh popular tweets, you know sayings his little kind of one liners And he would create a graphic out of it and he has this one graphic style If you're on twitter, you've seen it.

It's black and white Uh, it's always a black background with white text on top and a little kind of like very simplistic minimalistic, um Like graph or chart or drawing on top of it. Okay, so That's visualized value So he does like the normal creator thing. He gets a little bit of an audience his twitter goes to 100,000 people He creates a course He creates kind of like a paid community for people who want to learn this thing and he's doing well for himself Right, and that's where we met him. Very well And he he he's it does he does north of a million dollars a year in revenue and the only Uh Expenses are like him and his wife software stuff and then him and his wife exactly and um, so he's doing he's doing very well for himself Right, but it's all relative.

She's doing much better now. So what happened? um This craze around nfts came out and if you don't know what nfts is just think of it like digital art that people buy and uh crypto people people really like it because it's virtual art in the same way that crypto is sort of like a virtual money Or a digital money so anyways Jack starts doing nfts So jack basically takes his same art that he's posting on twitter for free and he's like no Now you can own this piece of art. Now you can own this post that i'm putting up And so he just dabbles, you know, just does an experiment.

I don't know what the first one sold for I think it was like one ether, right? one It was like yeah, just close to two grand and uh, it was like 1.5 ether or something like that So it's like two or three thousand bucks still pretty sweet, right? Like this is just a you know dot png file that he otherwise Uploads to twitter for free and now somebody wanted to own the dot png file because they're fans of his and this meant to that something To them and they had a bunch of crypto gains that they could reinvest their check your cheese money, right? And so um, okay, so now he's like stepping it up.

So We'll fast forward. He does some more nfts. He releases another nft. This one gets bid up and gets bought for 33 eth Which is I think something like Um, what is 33? 33 eighth times like 70 grand like 70 grand. So he sells one of his images for 70 grand Okay, and I called him right when I saw that I go jack. Is this real? Does someone he goes? Yeah, it's crazy, mate. That's all I said, right, right, right exactly because he's not like He's not like a schemer in any way But I think he is smart and he is interesting.

He likes to dabble but like he wasn't He's not trying to pull a quick one He's like putting his art out there and people are buying it and so I actually message the buyer and I go Why the heck did you buy this thing? It's a random, you know random username He just goes odd, you know, I love jack and I think this is gonna appreciate value and I you know I just really love this like I just love the I love the art and I was like, wow, okay fantastic So that's the guy bought it for 70 grand.

So then he did something even crazier, which I'm talking about the packs Do you know the packs? Yeah, so to explain that one So the the part of the story is the crazy there's two crazy parts of the story the most recent thing that happened Which we'll talk but the first crazy thing is he was like, you know, what if I did like people love jack He's got a cult following probably more than Sean people love Sean. They used to love me then they Now they love John. They love jack And what he did was he created a website where you were buying a pack He had 12 packs.

All it said was pack one pack two pack three It looked like a imagine like a baseball card, but with a jack butcher cover on it It was just black and it said visualize value packed one right and you would buy these packs having no idea What the NFT art was in it right? He had 12 of them and people were bidding on them and each one sold for around 10 to 15 thousand dollars, which is I thought Amazing until we get to the final part of the story or at least the most recent part of the story Exactly.

So he so he gets to today I log on to twitter as I do first thing in the morning. What's going on in the world tonight? Holy shit Jack butcher has listed a new piece of art for 76 million dollars Something like that. What is it? What's the exact number 72 76 million? He basically and it's called fame And what he did was the most the highest priced NFT Thus far in the history of mankind was people the the artist people Uh, who's like jack but even more popular. So people had done a few drops Those drops were like kind of in the one to five million range ish and then the most popular NFT of all time was sold for 69 million dollars recently And like there's some rumors that like that was sort of a manufactured sale like somebody came in and did it just to like They're gonna like I don't know these are rumors But rumors were that they kind of made it a publicity stunt.

So anyways jack Uh, basically says cool. This is a NFT called fame and what fame is it would be the number one priced Uh piece of artwork in a digital artwork in the world, right? So he prices it above the people drop I wasn't I wasn't referring to this. I was referring to what he did last. I didn't even see this. This is crazy last Last week what he did was he he wrote uh, he did an NFT and it says here's the difference between a Uh, uh j a jpeg and an nft and it just had a verified it He basically made a tweet and then he sold that tweet for like 150 thousand dollars, right? Which I thought was crazy.

This is way crazier. Yeah, because it's crazier because It might work exactly. So okay, so let's let's walk through this if you're jack Why I'll tell you why do this and why it might actually work. Why do this? Well, uh, If nothing else, this is just a great way to drive attention Uh press and um and just do something that's bold, right? So pricing that you know pricing a piece of your artwork for 77 million dollars It doesn't even mean if it doesn't even matter if somebody buys it just pricing it for 77 million dollars Is uh is already going to put you on the map.

The second thing is this might be a You know, let's say you take the three outcomes. Somebody actually buys it for 77 million dollars, right? There's been crypto punks now the the the number one crypto punk Sold for a break you look this up. How much did that crypto the top crypto punk sell for? I think it was like seven seven million dollars something like that people sold for 69 million So there is a chance there is a maybe five percent two percent chance that this thing actually sells for 77 million dollars Which would be incredible second thing.

This might be a shoot for the stars you land on the moon situation Uh, yeah, the crypto punk sold for seven and a half million Um and the guy who bought it by the way, this is kind of cool I don't know how you pronounce this but the person who bought it his handle is Per perugia or pervugia or something. I don't know what it is. I'm not in the art world, but That's the same. That's an homage basically. That's the same name of the guy who stole the Mona Lisa Which is what helped catapult the Mona Lisa to fame was when it was stolen Um and that was like part of that part of what made the Mona Lisa even more remarkable and more valuable now Most valuable piece of artwork in the world.

Um, and so So, okay, so you wait great usage of the word homage Yeah, thank you. Um, we're trying to class it up here. So all right So so he might not sell it for 77 million, but even if it sells for 1.7 million That's 1.7 million dollars that he just you know manufactured through his own creativity and you know, and probably I would bet you like four days of effort Um, I got I have chills looking at this tweet that he put out the reason why this is so crazy is It might work. Someone might be crazy enough to do this Right.

He basically has a no loss situation and because jack's brand is Because he is authentic. He is um, not kind of like a You know Quick flash in the pan trying to make a quick quick dollar like he's literally almost like, you know He's more of an artist really than he is like anything else. And so he's been doing this for a while He's been creating daily content. He's been building up a following and So just like people did that people did people did a new piece of art every day for 10 years And so it's like, you know, he's an overnight success 10 years in the making and I think jack's very similar So I see jack having a no lose situation and this is nfts are a thing that basically fits his skill set And so like there's a lot of reasons people kind of shit on nfts right now.

One is that it's overvalued. It's a bubble What do you really own? Look, I can just screenshot and boom. I own the thing too You know, like there's a bunch of ways you can make fun of this Well, one of the good things that came out of this is that, um, you know, in most of these these like kind of hype cycles It's the suits on wall street that get rich This time at least it's starving artists that get rich and so, you know At the very worst even if the whole thing comes crashing down at least a few artists got paid And you know, who could be really too mad at that? I can't so so I think this is kind of like an amazing thing jack's doing This boggles my mind.

Should we ask him to come on? You want Jack to come on? Yeah, we should Are you friends with him? Yeah All right, not as close as you guys, but yeah, we're close. You should message him We should see if he hops on let's see if he hops on today um Just be like you free to come talk about your thing thing for for five minutes. Let's just see if he hops on at the end of this All right, I just texted him. All right. We'll we'll we'll come we'll come back to that fucking crazy I Yeah, it's I almost have chills talking about it.

Would it be Weird going to a different topic or do you want to stay on nfts and stuff like that? um We can do whatever you want like everything less is everything less exciting Well, I think it's going to go two ways It's going to be if i'm listening to this and i'm most people who are listening to this are kind of like Not as knee deep into this world as we are and and we're still like just kind of dabbling and so the average person is probably not You know familiar with all these things definitely not taking action and definitely not getting rich all all these things So there's I think it's going to be kind of polarizing some people are going to think oh, wow This is really cool.

I should go check this out and learn more about this some people are like this is so stupid I think this is all just like you know a giant carnival game that You know some kind of Ponzi scheme that I don't want to hear more about so I don't know it's probably Let me let's do a different one. Um, let's do a different one And we'll only spend about 10 minutes on it and then we're probably going to come back to this All right, I actually want to come back to this. I want to come back to big cloud I want to come back to angel investor.

Okay. Um, okay, but I got someone I tweeted out that I'm going to start a youtube channel and someone said you should talk about your research process And that's a really hard thing to talk about but I want to bring up one one topic Uh of my research process as well as one interesting thing that I found so what I like to do is I like to find out who um Is buying different parts of real estate or different real estate So I go to the real deal dot com and there's this one segment called yolanda says it's like this fake author named yolanda He goes I heard a rumor that this person's buying a house the owner is this this and this yolanda hears that Um, they're gonna offer this much money.

I have no idea yolanda is a fake person But it's just like a blog a blog a website gossip blog. Yeah her real estate mostly in new york and la though So they're kind of famous famous e purse people doing it and what I love to do is find out who Who's buying the real estate and then I go and research them and the reason why is one of the best ways to figure out If someone's actually wealthy or not is by the real estate holdings that they own That's one of the few things that it's really hard to fake I mean you could fake it but if someone has bought a 20 million dollar home the likelihood that they're worth 100 million dollar plus Is incredibly hot Um, you know, it's hard to like bullshit that right and so real estate holdings is one of the best way to get an indicator of someone's wealth or it's a great way not the best way But it's a great way and I found one that interested me a ton.

This guy's name was brian carringer and he uh Bought a house in malibu in 2019 for 20 million dollars. I hadn't heard of brian. I know a lot of internet entrepreneurs Um, I hadn't heard of them So I researched them and this is the guy who started dictionary.com kind of a crazy thing when you think about it because who really thinks of dictionary dictionary.com so in the 1990s this guy started the 1995 he started a business called lexico publishing and lexico publishing owned the The source.com and dictionary.com and he bootstrapped it and he grew it and he sold it in 2005 to iac for 100 million dollars and then Uh, two years ago iac sold dictionary.com

to dan gilbert, you know dan gilbert quick and loans. Yep He sold dictionary.com for uh, or they sold dictionary.com for 100 million dollars So they they didn't do a very good job with it But dictionary.com gets around 40 dictionary.com and the source.com gets around 40 million uniques a month and does about 20 million in revenue And they have barely any employees. I believe dozens of employees. It's incredibly fascinating because this is what I call How do they make money? It's just add add sense or is there something else? It just adds all it is is adds and it's an incredibly interesting Company because it's one of the things that I call You let's call it.

I call it a forgotten property like just things that you forget that even exist But just quietly make money and are quite repeatable. They're not like necessarily sexy. Um, it's like the sweaty startup of internet Yeah, yeah, you know if if 20 startup means a long landscaping business. This is kind of like that for the internet Sure. Um, and but they've done a really good job of staying relevant So they do a word of the day which people like particularly love like it's a huge email list of we just get the word of the day They also do a word of a year word of the word uh of the year So when Donald Trump was president in 2016 I think the word of the year was xenophobic because a lot of people were searching what xenophobic means right? Uh, this past year until the 20th was pandemic and it was almost like a recap of year And it's actually kind of culturally relevant and also what they do is when someone like Kendall gender or Kylie gender Whatever the woman is who is quote self made they they'll do funny stuff Like they'll tweet the definite they'll retweet a tweet of her calling yourself self self made and they'll they'll say actually the definition of self Self made is Success unaided or something like that like they like they're pretty snarky I find this to be incredibly interesting.

Um, because it's something I didn't think about and That's Yeah, you went from 100 to zero real quick there at the end. Yeah Okay, so we actually had a friend Who was looking at buying dictionary dot com. Do you know about this? No We had a friend that was looking at buying dictionary dot com And merging it with another business. I can't remember the name of it now Urban dictionary dot com is another big one. That one gets about 40 or 50 million unique somewhat and who owns that wait Uh, just a guy a guy in San Francisco Aaron Peckham.

So there's a similar, uh, I know you wrote another one on here that that's similar to me Which is chess dot com and so yeah, I don't know as much about it as you do so fill in the gaps But I was looking at it. I was like, oh man chess.com is a great domain Uh chess is this kind of like very quiet It's you know, just like super sticky, you know, just relevant. It's a classic game, right? It's just been relevant for so long and then with queen's gambit It got like way more popular recently They there's all these crazy charts spiking the trends of people searching for chess chess boards Check how to get good at chess like what is queen's gambit? How do you do a queen's gambit? All those things? And so It had they have 200 employees.

I bet you it's worth If you told me I heard a rumor they're thinking about selling and I would bet it'd be worth a quarter of a billion dollars Exactly. That's that's what I was gonna say. They have a huge amount of traffic. What's their traffic monthly? It's uh I don't I'll look it up, but they have around 50 million registered users, right? And they're not just like it's not fly by traffic like dictionary.com the source.com They're gonna have a lot more traffic, but it's gonna be fly by 200 200 million monthly uniques according to similar web most of which is direct Incredible, right? And so 200 million they make money way more though.

Do you know how they make money? No, I can guess Tell me if I'm right So I would guess that basically they sell some kind of you know course tutorial a way to get better at chess Do they do that? Yeah, and so you can meet with coaches and you could pay coaches money, right? Can they do they also have some kind of like premium pro membership where you get matched with better people and your stats get saved and something like that? Yep. Yep. Okay, so still dead simple business model around a classic game that nobody owns the IP to right? It's not like saying Monopoly well, you can't do monopoly somebody owns monopoly, you know, I don't know who hasbro or whoever owns monopoly You can do it with chess and this is one of the reasons why we talked about religion as a really interesting Fun, uh, you know fundamental or like base layer for any business because nobody owns religion But it's a highly recognized brand with super high affinity.

So I love businesses that are you know, like pray the app That's you know, basically calm for for Christianity or there's versions of this for the Muslim religion And so I love religion as one of the primary substrates because you have a billion people who know about it But nobody owns the IP so you can use the IP and so what what what was our friend gonna do who are who? I wonder who our friend is so I don't remember exactly I don't remember exactly and I don't know how much we could really talk about it But they were gonna basically buy two properties at the same time dictionary.com

and one other one And because they were like look dictionary.com gets a ton of traffic, but it's not so sticky of a service It doesn't really have a great monetization potential. It's just display display ads And then this other thing is a great business model and has You know has great stickiness. Maybe we merged the two like let's just okay. Here's a hypothetical I don't know if this is exactly what they said, but if you're grammar league Would you pay for would you go buy dictionary.com into source right because you're gonna go get 50 60 million people Coming to look up words and find out what words mean and you could say hey by the way If you you know if you ever feel like you want to sharpen up with this Maybe you should uh install grammar league which is a great way to write You know choose better vocab write write perfect grammar and become a better writer Right like they have a business model attached to it that that that makes sense And so I wonder if there were other things like that Maybe I would if I was grammar league I would maybe buy dictionary.com

Um, I just thought it was interesting because you don't really think about this another one that I've been I'm gonna do research on is easyjiff.com. Do you know that I know that one? Yes I actually so I have a slack channel called buyouts in my slack And um, I just have my slack with ben and we have a slack called buyouts, which is basically Company websites that I think would be awesome to buy easy jiff was the first one I ever put in that that channel because I was like Oh my god, I love this.

I love this simple tool that gets a ton of traffic It's zero to no maintenance and uh, and it makes money, you know remove.bg is another one like that Uh, where you just remove the background of a photo and then you pay for credits So it's like you don't need to know photoshop to remove the background of a photo and uh, I just think that's genius So easyjiff.com. It's the letters e the letters e and then jiff gif.com Eight million uniques a month you go there and you upload a video and it turns it into a jiff I was doing research on it.

Looks like the guy it looks like it's only one a small team a couple people Made in lafayah So overseas Here's two other things if I'm dictionary.com One thing that they should do is they should take a page out of the New York Times playbook So I don't know if you've you probably have because you're in you know, you're in media You care about this stuff, but most people aren't aware of how the New York Times really makes money What it what its business looks like today and a pretty large part of their business? I haven't done the research since it's off top my head, but very large tens of millions of dollars a year I believe comes from their games division Particularly one game crossword and so I play this game every single day the New York Times mini crossword.

It is Literally a two minute game that like kind of stimulates the brain and it's fun to do it at real time It's like no kind of hand i coordination type of thing and it's not you can't get super addicted to it because it's like one a day So the mini crossword is like they took the crossword, which is a big part of the papers Okay, now the paper is all digital How do we make a digital version of the crossword and then they made it mini so that it's actually like simpler for the average person to do You can like pretty much always win and Super fun game and so the I don't know what the do you have the revenue numbers of crossword and the games? I'm looking it up.

So I'm going so if I'm dictionary.com That's you know, whoever's the CEO of dictionary.com. Hey free idea that I think would generate probably 8 to 10 million dollars a year You should come out with your take all these popular games like word scramble or mini crossword or You know all these different little word word puzzle games that are very popular in the app store And they have trouble with distribution good games trouble with distribution All you need to do is re skin that as the dictionary.com game and put it on the screen and put it as a pop up for people coming to the site to hey download this fun game and You know, even if you're converting you know half a percent of your traffic to this thing You're going to end up driving a lot of revenue because this game is these games work and all they need is distribution And maybe people who come to dictionary.com

or they subscribe to the word of the day email Like I think they would like to play these little word games are very popular even my mom plays these little word scramble games Okay, so uh some information on new york times new york times is a public and traded company So this is where I'm getting some of the numbers, but they don't always break out the revenue by segment So I'm doing a little bit of guesstimation, but I would bet I'm right within 10 to 20 percent um, so 2020 new york times said they had 600 000 People paying for the crossword puzzle only just crossword puzzle that was in 2020 20 was a huge year for uh Subscribes and everything doubled.

Yeah, everything doubled But let's just round that up to 800 000 for 600 000 So 800 000 I believe it cost six dollars and 95 cents a month for a crossword puzzle But so let's round that up to seven dollars. So seven dollars times 800 000 We're looking at five point six million dollars a month 60 million or Uh, 67 million dollars a year and subscription revenue only from crossword puzzles. That's it. That's just the crossword puzzle division Right Fucking crazy, right, right exactly. Uh, and and they're like I read an article recently, uh, where the guy was like You know someone from the new york times like yeah, we're quadrupling down on games games exploded during covid Crossword is already an amazing franchise for us the next they have another game I forgot what it is But they have like, you know a few staple games that are like these classics and they're like, you know We're actually a games company.

They guys literally said that he goes, you know, we we don't just You know just put the game the same exact game on a phone We like kind of reinvent it so that it's like even more fun on your phone We try to like put a twist on the game We're not just going to come out with you know the classic, you know For example 2048 if you ever played that little numbers game where you slide the tiles and it like, you know, it adds up 2048 Um, the game's awesome. And so new york times could come out with a version of 2048 Which is like, um, you know their own twist on the game So I found that to be pretty interesting and that's what I would do if I was dictionary.com

Um, so in this segment the takeaway should be learn about real estate and read the real deal and google all the entrepreneurs And the reason why you do that is you're going to discover stuff like dictionary the source.com And you're eventually going to learn about crossfit puzzles and the reason why this is important What we're discussing is just interesting stuff. But the reason why this is all important Is we are showing that you can make a killing a fucking killing hundreds of millions of dollars to the point where you're buying a 20 million dollar home on the beachfront of malibu More than most celebrities will ever be able to afford And you're doing it by building something that you're just like it starts as like a silly thing that you never would have thought Could actually become this big and when you see this stuff it actually inspires you And or at least it inspires me knowing that like I can turn something silly into something profitable And that's a fat ass that is awesome.

Just knowing that that's possible. It is cool It's kind of like why does everyone why did five people break the four minute mile in the same year when previously? No one had done it is because when you see what's possible It it pushes the boundary and it shows you what you can do that's neat to me So we should also say so two things that I took away from that you are really good at Figuring out like you sniff out these little interesting stories because you just think who's that guy? Obviously drive that car how much is that car? Yeah? How'd you get that money right and actually there's a famous tiktok channel that just does only this I don't know if you love it But he goes up to people Getting out of like Lamborghinis or like, you know, like just killer cars and just be like hey man What do you do for a living and the guy's like what and he's just like, yo, what do you do for a living? I just i'm curious You guys like i'm in real estate real estate cool, man, and he just leaves right this that's it Yeah, kind of bothers him for a second and you know the person will be like, you know, i'm a cannabis entrepreneur I'm uh, you know, i'm a hedge fund guy.

I uh, i'm a youtuber. I'm a whatever right Well, uh, the joke of that channel is the people say one of two things the women say I'm a wife. Yeah, and they like are joking and then they also or they'll say I sell drugs Right, right exactly And then they like zoom away Um, and so so I love that channel at first. I think that's just like a really simple fun idea for a tiktok channel and then But but there is some like kind of merit to that and it's really helped me in life Which is basically anytime you see somebody who's got an interesting lifestyle I like to figure out two things one is Is your whole day like this? What's your day like? What do you do? How do you do that? And I like to see how people architect their life, right? Like and that sort of like it's like Like you said about the four minute mile.

It opens your mind to what's possible So recently I got this like a private chef person who's like making meals for me They don't they don't come to my house. They don't make food in my house But it's like a delivery service meal prep service, but let's call it a private chef, right because it's not door dash It's somebody who's giving me a menu or giving feedback Yeah, you're doing the same because I'm doing it if you know trying to be fit you're trying to do this for the same reason You want to eat healthier and hey if you can afford it.

That's a convenient way to do it, right? We you know, you got the the p word privilege to be able to do it and so Uh, the reason I think that's even possible or realize that was because the investor in my last company He had a private chef that was like a former Michelin star chef at a restaurant this guy Elgin amazing chef who Was like would be at his house and he would make you know lunch and dinner for them every single night And I was like, whoa, I didn't even realize people have that and it's not that oh You know, I want that but it's I didn't even realize that's a possibility of the lifestyle that you could have It is a upgraded part of your life.

And so there's all these little examples. I've had in my life of like Like I have a cousin who has like a virtual assistant the Philippines and I asked him Yeah, how do you do? What do you do with that? How do you set it up? How'd you find the right person? Right? Just get real curious about different people's lifestyles and how they architect How they designed their life and you kind of you could pick and choose from there What works for you what you want out of your life? the second thing is Why did the guy behind dictionary.com

like make it work right because it's like kind of a simple idea Well, he was early to a platform right so to get the domain Dictionary.com you couldn't do that today, but you could do it when the web was early and not everybody believed Which is a perfect segue back to bit cloud new platforms by the way speaking of bit cloud Uh, I texted jack over here talking. He's gonna be joining any second now. Oh, perfect um So we brought this up on the last podcast because ryan big woman came on a friend of ours came on and was like dude I haven't had this much fun on a product since like the early days of facebook I'm obsessed with this thing and he was asking us like are you gonna use it? Are you gonna claim your account? So if you missed that episode, let me just give you the like 10 seconds of what this is Uh, imagine, you know, if if like robin hood and twitter had a baby So it's basically a a stock market for people So you go on the app bit cloud com and you just see all these people And you can buy instead of just following them or just liking their content You can actually buy into their stock essentially you can buy their creator coins And so you can buy their coins and every time you buy the price goes up and every time you sell the price goes down And so it's kind of like a stock market for people's reputations and um, and so when we did the pod my my my coin was about A $1,500 at the time while we were recording it and ryan was like my fourth biggest holder He had bought up a bunch and he was like are you gonna use this thing or not? I said sure.

I'll give it a try and I'll see what happens of course dude You know like there's guys who take like my friend jack takes every vitamin if you're like, hey I have this vitamin boom done take it right like he takes every vitamin or he takes every type of supplement you could ever you are like that with Bitcoin or any type of like this isn't bad, but like schemes So it's like hey, there's a thing called the big cloud. Okay. Hang on. Yep. I just uploaded hundreds of thousands of Hundreds of thousands on dude. I'm in that is you you try every I learned I learned from those guys all the best Well, I don't think it's all the best, but I do at the beginning You know at the beginning it makes sense to be optimistic when everybody else is you know pessimistic or skeptical You're a default to this is the greatest thing I've ever seen that's your default No, no my default is I'm game to try it and then if it starts to have some merit I'm like, okay, you know what's really cool about this x y and z even if a b and c But that's not how people perceive it.

I had people message me after our thing saying like why the hell is Sean? Uh pumping this big club things. It's a Ponzi scheme and I was like, I don't know. He likes it. That's just that's his opinion He likes it They were mad at they were mad at me because we were promoting this and I was like, I don't know So so let me explain so we have two friends. So you have one of your best buddies is jack smith Uh and jack he came on the podcast We did an episode with him back when this was an interview show And I asked him I said, well, how did you create this bungal thing that now sold for I don't know 750 million dollars or something like that And the root of his thing was I try every platform early as soon as something comes out I want to try it and in fact, yes, if you go on bit cloud jack smith owns two cents of my coin Oh, he was there before me.

Of course he was right on product and he became the number one power user as soon as product Hunt came out. He used it every single day with NFTs and collectibles He's like the number one power user on all these different platforms for digital for for fractional ownership and collectibles on Rally road. He's the number one buyer. Exactly. And um, and so that's what jack does and it's not that all of these will work It's that you only need one to work for it to pay off big, right? If you were early in twitter, uh, you know Even just as a user, you would have a big following if you were early as an investor in any of these companies If they hit it gets very big.

So that was the first kind of huh. I noticed that from jack Then I saw then I was talking to my friend furkan He's the cto and was co founder of my previous company probably the best kind of technology guy. I know And furkan's always dabbling So he was the one telling me about bitcoin and ethereum before anybody else before and I didn't listen to him I didn't buy and he was just buying like he put like five grand into ethereum and the icl or something like that You know like and so, you know the icl ethereum was 17 cents and now it sells now every ether is uh 1700 dollars right so you can see the type of appreciation you get when one of these hits And he's had you know for every one that one ether that hits big like that He has you know, maybe 50 or 100 things that don't fully pan out like for example, he's huge on vr He bought me an oculus and was like dude.

Let's play vr poker together Let's try vr and like vr hasn't hit in a big way yet and he spent you know thousands of dollars on vr He spends you know hundreds of hours building in vr and so far that's yielded nothing But I asked him what's what's your deal with this? Is it because like am I dumb? I don't think vr is big you you seem to be all over he goes no What I do is anytime there's an interesting technology I'm just curious about it and therefore I'm like in the first 10,000 people that really understand every new technology And he's like because of that one of those technologies is going to be big so right now for example He's super into vertical farming and like hydroponic farming and he's just like all about indoor farming all about vertical farming and like So he's we have this one hour a week called the cool shit hour Right, I just sit back on zoom and he just kind of shows me the cool shit He's been trying out this week and this week was all about vertical farming and blew my mind I didn't know anything about it and he was telling me all the reasons it's awesome Why is this just not an episode that we do it should it really should be because it's so good It's kind of my edge right now because he tells me about shit and then I go take action on it and like He's even earlier than me so he gets more upside, but I'm still very early just by being buddies with this guy So anyway, that's a long way of saying It in technology it pays to be optimistic It pays to be an early adopter if you're willing to look stupid sometimes by by putting some time or money into things that fail You you will net out way way ahead just by being early into a bunch of interesting things at the very least you learn But at the most one of these hits and then you gain a bunch of like you build a big network there Or you make a bunch of money because you invested in it.

So anyways, that's that's my overall philosophy I totally see the people who are like bit cloud is dumb. This is a scam. This is a sham. This is, you know, this will never work This will never work. Hey, I think there's merits to all those arguments But for my opinion, I just thought this sounds interesting sounds very different than anything else that's out there I tried it and I immediately liked it. So the first 24 hours I was hooked by the second 24 hours I put a hundred thousand dollars into the platform, you know, don't tell my wife so right now my um You it's a that's a lot of money.

That's a lot of dollars. It's a lot of money. Yeah So let me tell you why It is a little thing right now My thing is uh, my market cap on here is it goes 170 to 200 thousand I sold some of my stuff and that guy wired or um, it sent me money on coinbase, uh, $10,000 right I'm like, I think this is silly, but like I told you this is silly and you're still gonna give me money. Okay fine I'll take it. I sold some of mine Yeah, you sold some of yours. I have not sold any of mine And instead I actually invested money into the platform or bought a bunch of people's coins including yours and so So I own a bunch of coins for all these different people that I think might appreciate and so I would say there is still a I would say in the long run that's working in the long run I think there's like a less than 2 chance this works in the long run If it does work my hundred thousand dollars is going to be worth tens of millions of dollars But that's the that's the long run um two percent case, okay Well, I wouldn't put up a hundred grand for a two percent win because I actually have a second way to win in this case which is that I have now been an early adopter basically every crypto thing over the last I don't know five six years And some of them are dumb some of them work whatever And what I've seen is that anytime a kind of new exciting disruptive idea comes out whether it's icos or nfts or whatever pick your favorite acronym There's like a hype cycle that takes place.

There's the people who are there's the people who make it Then there's the people who buy in at the beginning and get get access And then there's like a bunch of crypto enthusiasts who are believers in the general like innovation space of crypto That didn't say oh cool. This sounds fun I want to go try it and that's happening right now with nfts like we talked about a friend jack Jack who's selling a bunch of nfts for you know hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars It's because there are crypto enthusiasts who say nfts are really cool.

I want to invest in that My crypto enthusiasts are not many of them hate big clout Uh, yeah, sure. So many many There's crypto enthusiasts is not one group of people. It's broken up into like Bitcoin called bitcoin maximalists. They don't want to talk about anything except for bitcoin And they don't want to they want to invest 100 percent into bitcoin Then there's ethereum people who are like all about ethereum Then there's people who are just Just trying to degenerately gamble across all the different like different crypto projects that exist I'm talking more about them the gamblers because I I understand the gambler More money.

Have you made more money off bitcoin than you have selling your company? No That'd be cool if you did it would have been sweet. I think in the long run I will but uh as of now no but You know if you project forward five years, I would almost certainly my crypto holdings will be worth more than what I sold the company for What I got out of the sale Do you think that what percentage of your net worth do you have a crypto? So I I tweeted out that I was moving 25 percent into of my net worth into bitcoin and bitcoin And not just like not just liquid net worth just net worth.

I ended up getting about 20 percent in But the price kept rising as I was doing it um So my my my overall my average buy price is about 11 000 per bitcoin um But anyways My my my holdings now are like, I don't know almost 50 percent of my net worth just because crypto has appreciated So I didn't put in as much as I said I was going to it was a little bit less But it appreciated so now it makes up more and I didn't sell I didn't like sell to rebalance. Let's put it that way That's crazy.

So anyways, the thing I want to tell you about is So that's my general my my my let's let's play out three scenarios scenario one Uh, let's say with bit cloud. This is a uh a scam I don't believe it's a scam given that they have backers and investors like andreason horowitz and sequoia chumath coin, you know coinbase capital the winkelvoss like basically like everybody who's legit in technology slash crypto space like these are tier one names that are invested in this thing I don't think it's a scam. It's definitely not a scam in the sense of that's like it's malicious people Right.

So that's that's like one one thing that does happen in the crypto world people take your money and they fucking run away Right, that is literally that has literally happened. So I don't think it's that Um, and I'll buck it in you know one of the big criticisms is you can't withdraw your money Yeah, you have a huge amount of value in there, but you can't withdraw yet I would bucket that into the scam Argument like if you think they'll never allow you to withdraw. I think that's silly that would be a scam then after that podcast I kind of understood what the heck bit cloud was which is it's basically a social network where You can bet on the people who are gonna you know in their reputation and so as a As a participant you could say okay instead of just following sam if I think sam is awesome And sam's gonna only get more popular over time.

I can actually invest in sam Um, which is a little bit different than like patreon or sub stack where it's like, I'll pay you for your shit That's different. That's like, okay. Do I want to buy this content or not? Instead this is I'm a believer in you and so like back to that thousand true fans concept It's like if I'm a believer in you I can invest in you and as more people Realize that you're the shit Your price will continue to go up and I will actually I'll go up with you. Am I my stock in you will appreciate So I can actually make money being a curator being somebody who Um, who recognizes talent before others do who recognizes reputations that are on the rise So I think that's really cool.

That's a new thing. You couldn't do that before If I was an early user of snapchat or like twitter or facebook or whatever It was cool But like I didn't actually gain anything from it financially if I discovered jack You know, you you said you met jack when jack had a kind of smaller following You didn't gain financially from jack's following growing and so I think that's a new thing that that that's a really cool mechanic Now on the other side, let's say you're let's say you're the creator. Let's say you're jack You can basically go on and say cool You know what? um I'm like a little mini warren buffet.

I I want to have my berkshire hathaway summit my my shareholder meeting So you can basically say cool for my top 25 coin holders Um, I will meet with you personally and you know in a zoom or in person somewhere And that's a privilege you get by being one of my top shareholders Or I can say hey, I'm going to produce some premium content And instead of having to set up a whole different app like sub stack or patreon or something else Like you just say great if you own over 10 of my coin you get this thing Um, and so it gives people a way to not just buy the content But to be a long term holder of you And I think that's really cool too as a creator and so So your and your market cap right now is like 600 000.

Did it did it get that high because you bought your own stuff? I've only bought net one coin of mine. Um, so why are people buying you or how do you even hear? Well, I heard about it on the pod I think so I think that was one thing But then otherwise there's just people hearing about big cloud because a whole bunch of people join right like so Even just in our little network, right? um Andrew Wilkinson joined two days ago and you know, he's a super legit person and he tweeted out today I woke up at five in the morning thinking about big clouds and he's like, you know, and not just all good things Right, he said like the design kind of sucks.

I kind of hate the name I wish it didn't feel so shady because the way they're doing this is in this But here's some things that like the mind virus has infected him where it's like wait This does open up pandora's box of a whole bunch of new capabilities and things that you kind kind of couldn't do before Um, and definitely couldn't do in a platform that had any legs and this has legs about 170 million dollars has been deposited onto this Most of that is from their institutional backers like entries and Horowitz and sequoia and those other guys um, but But the rest has been, you know, maybe eight to ten million dollars has come in from from users who are buying into the platform Uh, the cto of hub spot darmish.

He's on there every day me and him are chatting on there all the time because he's like He's posting like, you know, he's a daily user of this thing because I think it's a cool new technology Cool app and he's playing with it. He bought my he bought my stuff exactly And so, uh, I've had a lot of fun basically speculating on people buying a bunch of people's coins And I think I think those people are awesome or undervalued. So for example, I'll give you an example I saw this guy on bitcloud and he was posting a bunch of analysis So he's like exploring the blockchain and he's he says look because this is built on the blockchain It's all public.

You know, if I go to facebook, I can't tell you how many daily active users facebook has They have to disclose that information for me to know it but with things built on the blockchain you just see it and so So he this guy's posting like look here's how many new people signed up today Here's how many posts there've been and so you can see like how much engagement this thing has or if it starts to fade You'll be able to see it fade So I bought this I bought a ton of this guy's going about $10,000 of this analyst coin Because this guy was super low priced because nobody knows who the heck this guy is But I knew that if if there are people who are power users of the platform, they're enthusiastic about bitcloud They're gonna love all the information the 24 seven news cycle about bitcloud They're gonna love this guy's analysis because it's not easy to do it's not easy to go on the blockchain and figure this stuff out So I thought oh if this guy's if this guy's gonna put reports up every day He's gonna get popular and so already I've doubled my money on this guy just because Um, I was able to like have a strategy have a skilled gamble was what I'll call it right same reason I love poker same reason.

I like investing in startups and the stock market is because there is definitely this like Deep itch it scratches of like trying to put in money and triple it and make more money Combined with some skill there is a strategy to it. It's not just a slot machine Or you just pull the lever and you hope for the best so For for whatever reason for some combination of reasons this shit is so addictive to me and maybe this will fade I'm only three or four days in But man, I've used the hell out of this thing in three or four days And I don't know what's gonna happen.

I've only known it for three or four days, but my life. This is my vocation I found it. That's that's what I hear from you. Well, you hear what you want to hear I didn't say that what I said was I've had it amazing three or four days and this might fade Um, but I view it as a kind of an asymmetric bet If this if it fails I lose what I lose one times my money If this succeeds, I'm gonna make more than 10 times my money and so that's why it's a good bet for me Speaking of betting on people jack, we were talking about you earlier.

Basically, uh, uh, Sean, I didn't know So basically we gave your background We said that you and Celia lived in a shitty apartment a little studio 450 square foot studio or something like that and broke Sam tried to make it sound like slumdog billionaire He was like, he's like, you know, they shared one ramen noodle each and yeah Jack was I right was it 400 something square feet? 450 in a bad neighborhood crowd Bad neighborhood crowd heights, right? Yeah, I mean it was it was all right Um and and uh, basically started an agency. It was only going okay not going that great And then like over the last 18 24 months, you've just knocked it out the park yada yada yada I didn't realize Until Sean said it when he said do you see what jacket? It's crazy.

I thought he meant you selling one nft for like 100 grand I didn't or however much you sold that like what's the difference between a jp and an ft thing I didn't see that you have one for 76 million dollars. Just put it up this morning. Do you think that's gonna work? My life is very I love it Okay, so jack can you just tell us about the 77 million dollar one? What's the thinking behind that? And then just in general, what's the nft experience been like? It's kind of mind blowing. Yeah, I think um interestingly enough this text message that got me on this podcast is uh kind of uh evidence for the strategy behind the 77 million 77 million dollar nft which the thesis is um, it's rounded up From the highest bid on that people college.

So that was 69.3 and obviously tracks to the price of ethereum But anybody who would bid on this would be You know the owner of the most expensive nft in the world um So, you know part press play part commentary on the world of nft's artistic statement, uh, I have very very very you know the The idea of that selling is obviously absolutely ludicrous But the fact that you can do something like that without permission and make a statement like that. I think is like that's the the uh The intent behind the the piece itself and the nft space like the last three Pieces that I've been working on the last three pieces I've launched have been sort of a commentary on the world of nft So the first one sam talked about was like what's the difference between a jpeg and an nft? I put that image on twitter and Got a great response someone commented and said you should make this an nft Let's say no more made it an nft and auctioned it and then the second one Uh, just finished today.

There's like a comment on the idea of non fungibility, right? So anybody can save this jpeg, but what we're really talking about here is like this memetic status game that's all these different incentives coming together to You know some people are buying these because they love them some people are buying them in the same way that they're betting on a creator Like a bit cloud The same thesis behind a bit cloud you buy this thing and you assume This person is going to keep creating for years and maybe they emerge at the top of the space and then your investment increases in value I think there's a lot of parallels of what you're talking about with bit cloud.

It's it visualize value sort of Was almost a layer on top of the business I was operating so I was making these graphics to You know create things that would get people's attention to then put something else in front of them and be like hey Here's this thing. So like my background is marketing and advertising and that's how that work Right, you make stuff to get people to look at other stuff But now there's like this convergence of you can get paid directly for the things you make Which is Completely different right pay. I think you know patreon What do you think the odds are that someone's gonna buy this? I mean impossible to say 0.00

Hi, why no Yeah, you well, what's happened since you since you put it up this morning Are people bidding on it? Can you can you bid below that ass price or no? So you have to enter that it's all or nothing Yeah, yeah, okay. Can you see any of the activity of like traffic to it or But that's the only place I would have data And what's your what's your guess people would visit? A few thousand. Yeah, is this like caught so far And I think it's like it's all sort of an inside joke as well Right like you have to have the context of the people thing Mario who shan I saw you saw that We he added this layer of context to it, which is like The reason uh, you know, it's very minimal in its execution But when you have that additional context, I think it's like there's a light bulb moment that goes off So I the thing I respect is that it's all or nothing if you had done it where it's like, oh, well Hey, it may not get 77 million, but I'll take you know, 77 thousand.

Well, then it's sort of like, okay He's just you know, it doesn't have the same artistic balls that it takes to say no This is the if we're either breaking the record and this is the most valuable piece of digital art in the world Oh, we're not and it's a commentary on the whole madness of the situation It's like we're either going all mad or we're laughing about how mad this was that we're not doing anything in between I'm not this not a this is not some, you know quick sale here again another parallel a bit cloud It either goes off or it just uh, you know, it just stays there forever as a memory Right.

Yeah, that's why I tweeted. I said this is either going to be an amazing investment or amazing lesson learned from me and um, and and I mean that because I Intentionally invested an amount of money that would hurt for me to lose it. Um, like I would really Have to like lick my wounds if I've lost this amount of money because it's it's not going to just go down by like 10% It's going to go down by 100% or it's going to go up by like 10,000 percent And so, you know, either way I'm going to learn something out of this whole process It is so polarized and clear and I had to write down.

Why am I doing this? What do I believe about this and what and part of the why I'm doing this wasn't just here's all the great reasons to do this It was like well You know, I kind of sat on the sideline at this other thing that I was early on and I missed out on this big wave And a bunch of my friends made a bunch of money doing it And so I'm kind of waiting for the next one and like now that this one's here. I'm kind of over overcompensating for it So I was really honest with myself about what were the what are the psychological drivers? And and I'll put put two things together.

One is one is that which is like here's the dark side of why I'm doing this meaning like Here's the not so great reasons, but true reasons that I feel motivated to do this right my own psychology Put on a piece of paper the second thing is maybe this is um You guys have probably all heard this. I know jack you have for sure sam. You know the thing about the four levels of luck No, I guess the four levels of luck I forgot mark andreason shared this from somebody else and then neval shared it and that's how I heard it But basically it's like there's there's dumb luck where you're just you're standing still and luck just hits you upside the head Something really lucky just happen.

You get struck by lightning, right? Um, that's just dumb luck. You did nothing and something happened Then there's like the second level which is You're moving around like crazy and you're doing a bunch of shit and in doing a bunch of shit You kick up a bunch of dust you move a bunch of things around and actually you have a higher percentage chance of colliding with luck Because you were taking so much action, right? And so that's kind of like, you know, um You know the luck favors the bold basically you took a bunch of action Therefore you're more lucky than somebody who didn't then there's the third one which is Luck favors the prepared mind which is you're moving but you're also looking and when you see something You recognized luck before others saw it and so I would say jack is a good example of this which is He had the artistic ability to create really compelling visuals But he also had the like business brain and like kind of tech saviourness and was in the tech world enough to see NFTs as this opportunity Uh that he could marry his two things together and give it a try and so that's where you recognize luck for what it is And then the fourth one is reputational luck Which is you have built up such a big reputation that luck finds you That's where some some great company says sam We would love to have you on board because we've been reading your content for years You're such an amazing copywriter and we just think you could really help us out with that, you know And so boom luck came to your doorstep And that's that's sort of the analogy that neval gave or whatever was like Someone finds a sunken treasure and they come to you because you're known as the world's best scuba diver So to me this is like luck level three Um and maybe a little four but three in that look favors the prepared mind so What I realized when I I looked back at bitcoin and I said I was being told by smart friends back in 2013 2014 that bitcoin is amazing And at first I took no action that cost me, you know, the price was I think 70 dollars at the time So I let it go from 70 to 700 and then I bought in at 700 and even then I bought in such a small amount that it Wasn't gonna like change my life either way.

I wasn't gonna care if I lost. I wasn't gonna be rich at one Um, and I went I looked back and I said well, why didn't I take more action at that time? Right? Let's let's do that the hindsight game and one thing I realized is that In order to I I didn't bet in on it because I didn't have enough conviction I didn't have enough conviction because I didn't even understand what the heck it was So part of that is I didn't take time to understand it But the second was Bitcoin was one of those weird things that you had to have two Two totally different skill sets in order to appreciate the How great this thing is you had to be really technologically sound In your brain to even under even understand it and be able to go buy the thing or mine the thing It took real tech savviness to do it at that that time The second thing was you had to really understand macroeconomics and very few people had that combination And the people who did have become billionaires and they've been very wealthy people now But most people who had one or the other or neither they didn't they didn't benefit, right? So you need to you needed to understand that Wow, this solved the Byzantine generals problem This is a computer science breakthrough and now we can have trustless systems without any central entity But you also needed to understand that hey the government prints all this money and has this inflationary effect and the reason that you know And actually this thing that we all take for granted the u.s.

Dollar or currency has really only been around in its current form for I don't know 70 years years and And you know before that we had gold and before that we had shells and money actually does evolve over time And maybe this is the new form of money and here's why it's a more sound money than these other things I'm familiar with right so very few people had that overlap. I see the same thing happening with bitclout, which is On one hand you had to understand the financial incentives that this like the token economics or crypto economics that exists here What are all the incentives and why would this thing go up? And when you if you understand the crypto economics the token incentives, you're like, holy shit.

This is so well designed This is a very high likelihood of going up if it going up a lot if it becomes a thing the other side is just understanding how social networks start and when I saw that oh this is like Probably the most brilliant growth hack I've ever seen these people who whoever made this is very aggressive and very smart they're aggressive because They went and scraped twitter and they put all of our profiles on their website and said come buy their coin without any way of permission that took a level of Aggression and sort of like willing to operate in the gray that most people wouldn't really have and then the smart thing was they said well How do we make this network really valuable? Well, if we get really valuable people on it How do we get really valuable people on it? Well, let's do this.

Let's go to really legit investors So big name investors that adds credibility. Let's go get 100 million dollars from them and then let's invest that hundred million dollars into the accounts of all the influential twitter people And so when I went to the website without ever having used the damn thing My account had 55 thousand dollars sitting in it. All I had to do was tweet it out and say hey I'm using bit cloud come use it with me basically, right? And I had to tweet that to my 120 thousand followers in order to claim this 50 thousand dollars that was sitting in there this like kind of imaginary 50 thousand dollars that was sitting there and Um, okay, so that I was like that's gonna work a lot of influencers are gonna go see $100,000 sitting in their account and they say all I got to do is tweet this thing out like Done like Sam you think the things fucking stupid, but you did it anyways because you were like shit I got 35 grand sitting in here.

I'll take that and jack how much money do you have sitting in your thing? Uh about 150. I think last summer looked at it So 150 thousand dollars maybe is sitting in your account and have you verified your account? Yeah, or claimed it? No No, do you plan to I'm still I don't know I'm getting text messages and phone calls and being invited on podcasts to talk about bit clouds and maybe I can't do it Yeah, maybe you do and maybe you have a pretty big fucking incentive to do it which is that there's 150 grand sitting there just for just for tweeting the thing out and So then you so then you go like layers deep you say, okay, so they're gonna tweet it out They're gonna claim their money and then they have a big following So then their people are gonna say oh if jack says it I trust jack and jack is jack is using it Then I should probably use this thing they go on and because there's no withdrawals right now all the prices just go up And so everybody's gonna get all these paper gains And then they're all gonna talk about how this is the greatest thing since sliced bread because they're just making all this money on here Right like our friend Ryan who came on it was like dude.

I'm making a killing on this thing And then other people are gonna say oh shit my friends are making a killing on this thing I should go do that too. I don't want to miss the next bitcoin. I already I already missed bitcoin now I'm gonna miss the next one and they're gonna get on and that's gonna drive the price even higher and so So what I saw was that this thing was brilliantly designed from kind of like a game theory perspective Now that's take let's table like the moral questions and like is this a Ponzi scheme and like there's a whole bunch of other questions But I at the very minimum I thought wow This game is architected so that these numbers are going to go up This is going to have a hype cycle very likely chance at having a hype cycle And if it has the hype cycle these things just like bitcoin bitcoin is only valuable because everybody believes in it now And the more people believe in it the more valuable it gets the more certain its own success becomes The same thing is true for any network any social network too the more legit people believe in it and want it to succeed Um the more likely it is to succeed and so then there's actually a chance that this does become You know a new a new wave of social networks.

So anyways, that's my whole I've I've known you for uh Since uh, maybe eight years now It was early on when I met you that you had some type of it factor and that you were at least mildly smart What what bit cloud and bitcoin has done for you has basically like Brought out all of your confidence and all of your speech giving abilities now the whole high IQ thing And if you're right thing tbd, but your ability to convince people that it's awesome Very very high. I congratulate you on your confidence and your ability to persuade people I think it's I think I think I think you finally have come out of your shell now All right, the whole are you right thing? Well, that's why I like we're gonna I keep saying the thing which is There's a very low chance that this succeeds in the long run if it does you're gonna get paid super handsomely Very similar to bitcoin back in 2013 2014 and very similar to the hundreds of other crypto projects They had the same promise and didn't pan out right? So that's the thing with low odds Usually they don't pan out when they do you can get paid handsomely There's a middle ground here where if this goes through a hype cycle There is a good chance that even if it doesn't succeed in the long run in the short run There's a bunch of money to be made that is the degenerate gambler side of me and many people anybody who was in the into game Stop anybody who's you know going and trading A lot of people have fun Speculating and trying to make money and they're not necessarily trying to be long term holders So that's situation two and situation three is it just flops it goes to zero There are all three scenarios on the table what I'm trying to say is the probabilities I'm not saying this is likely or definitely gonna succeed what I'm saying is I find it super interesting from a product point of view how they made it And I think there's a good chance it goes through the hype cycle beyond that.

I don't know So jack What what does this mean to you? What side are you on? I'm just still waiting for it to shake out. I guess I think the first time it came across my feed was like the ultimate Bear case like, you know, this has broken the The commandments of crypto therefore you should not go anywhere near it and my understanding of the like Mechanics of pre mining and all of these like I wasn't paying attention to the ICO Cycle when it was happening years ago. So I just felt pretty You know unqualified to make a bet on it and I think To your point Sean there's like reputational risk in endorsing it too before it gets to a point of I don't know.

Yeah, some of the things that are left unsaid or haven't been clarified are clarified. So I'm on sidelines for the time being. Yeah, I think that's smart. I think that's the risk I run which is I think that when I say hey, this is a this is a gamble you can lose all your money It's not likely to succeed that there's that there's could be some money to be made. Here's my exact holdings I feel like oh, I'm disclosing everything and smart adults are gonna do with that what they want do your own research Don't rely on me and come to your own conclusions I'm telling you what I've come to thus far three days in and so I'm always like oh people will get all that In reality, all anyone's gonna remember is dude, you were super excited about that thing and either I look like a fucking genius Or I look like an idiot scam artist.

That's the sad part about it Is that nobody's gonna remember any of the nuance around how I was thinking about it? Anybody's just gonna remember dude, you sounded so excited. You said you put a hundred grand in and either You know, that's why you're the hottest things to slice bread if that becomes a 10 million dollar steak Or it's gonna be I lost my life savings. How could you you told me this was gonna work and uh, unfortunately Um, the way I wish the world the way I wish people listened to it is not gonna be how people actually listen to it Is my guess are you the biggest, uh The biggest big clout bull in the world sharp Ah, not even close like Craig Clemens, uh, who's you know, friend of ours been on the pod Um, he was on it before us.

He's invested. I don't know how much money, but he's like the biggest whale You go to anyone's account. He owns he owns like the majority of their coin like he he and he's like, yeah, I'm bullish um, like, you know, he can speak for himself how he's thinking about the calculated risk, but like You know, he's got a huge stake and I'm you know envious of how early he was on and how bullish he was early because it's already He's got a lot of paper games. Let's put it that way. Um, as far as and then there's of course a bunch of other people like You know, there's there's the big the the the whale guy.

I forgot his name is big big clout whale or something like that He put a million dollars into his own coins and he's he also has you know, the biggest kind of like nft collection out there. I think Well that guy bit he bought, um, he wired me or I keep saying wired, but he's sent me 10 grand in a theory Different guy. So one guy is the guy who's providing? Secondary market liquidity. That's the guy you worked with then there's this guy who basically has the whale coin It's a community token a separate thing He owns two million dollars worth of nft art And he created a coin that basically says hey, I collect this art if you own my coin you own a part of my art collection And um, and so he's made he's made it big.

He's made a bunch of money in crypto He reinvested into nfts now. He's reinvested at least a million bucks into big clout as well So there's a bunch of people who are very very bullish on this thing, you know, but um And and you know, there's but but I'll also say like, you know, what are the downsides, right? Like a if you go use the thing you'll notice three things right away. It requires a password to join That's already has blocked like 80 of people now. You could find it if you just twitter bit cloud if you google bit cloud Password you'll find it easily but today that's a that's a challenge It's password protected because they're not ready for scale Which is the second part you go use the thing and it's so it's like under such heavy load all the time that like I click the follow button and the thing fucking spins for 30 seconds.

It's like super annoying that it's not a faster app It's like the thing is always going down because they can't handle the scale right now Um, jack, are you are you gonna make more income from nfts in 2021 than you think you will from your real job? Or your normal business rather probably And that nuts is that fucking crazy three letters you didn't even know last year. Yeah, it's a different market man different dynamics Very crazy. Would you say? Three years ago, where were you what where were you at? What is it now? Fifth march? I was just out of my agency.

So I was shooting uh car commercials on the uh like for you know, just Running around the desert with a handheld camera trying to make a car commercial Isn't it crazy how much things have changed in such a short amount of time the last couple months has been like compressed uh a ton of um Just leaps and bounds of technology and culture and um last year obviously Shifting to do and work fully online. I think was one jump and now like the normalization of crypto is just feels like another like rocket um and stuff like you know what we're talking about here is like it feels like that stuff is just Not just creeping into the mainstream, but it's just a burst pipe now, right? Like the top shot thing just went absolutely bananas and this big cloud thing is going to pull on the same like cultural Levers that top shot did maybe it's successful.

Maybe it isn't but it's like the cat's not going back in the bag at this point Right. So jack, let me ask you because I feel like I feel a little torn, right? Because I come on the pod because I come on the pod today and I say oh, I gotta talk about bit cloud y because a I've been Using it a bunch for the last couple days is one of the more interesting projects I've ever seen um But b i'm like kind of embarrassed to even talk about it because there's such a good chance that this thing fails That it's gonna look pretty stupid and bit cloud is even more It's gonna look even more stupid when it fails than like let's say like I guess like what I'm getting at is I think that It's you know, it takes a long time to build a reputation of being smart and trustworthy and it's easy to lose it in a day um you know, I think Warren Buffett said that once and uh, you know, it takes it takes a decade or whatever to build a reputation and a day to lose it and So I kind of feel that way with with bit Bitcoin bit cloud crypto in general.

It's all such uncertain territory It's uncharted waters uncertain territory. Nobody really if anybody tells you they know what's gonna happen They're definitely not saying, you know, say the truth People speculate people have fun talking about it people place their bets and then the chips will fall where they may now Do you feel that way with NFTs? Like do you feel almost embarrassed or slightly guilty? You know selling a file for $150,000 and you know, let's say next year the NFT market comes down To earth like I think right now top shot is top shots getting slaughtered Um, it's going down like 30 percent month over month because all the whales are like, hey cool.

We've made millions of dollars Let's just do a coordinated sell off and like, you know, like let's sell this baby now Let's take something off the table and so top shots like cratering right now And then as it starts to crater all the people who thought it was gonna fail are like see, you know I told you so this was silly to begin with Um, as somebody who's selling digital art for hundreds of thousands of dollars Does a part of you worry like what happens a year from now when you're the same NFT you sold for $150,000 is worth $1,000 and What do you I guess how do you think about that? I thought a lot about it.

I think um Coming into it originally had zero expectation of like the level of investment that people would be willing to Commit to something like this one thing I will say is I've like I have a relationship with every single person who's bought one So because the Twitter layer on top really NFT layer You you often they have links to Twitter profiles obviously introduce yourself everybody that bids on the work and I think That to me is you know, if you have a relationship with the person that collects the art that's different than throwing it into this anonymous market and you know profiting X offer I also think there's an argument to be made for like My background is commercial advertising, right? So I know you guys spoke to Michael say look a couple weeks ago and I just have this like um I guess loop in my head on this thing.

I'm thinking about around What is a marketing expense relative to a like a uh a technology in general? So if you're an ethereum Like whale, let's say let's say you bought X number of thousand ethereum X number of thousand ethereum at seven cents or whatever it was back in the day And you want to see the technology you believe in the technology that made you wealthy Adopted by more people you want to like spread the gospel as it were Feels to me like there's a lot of people participating in this market for that reason. So the NFT explained piece which was by far the most expensive Or the largest sale of the last few that I've done I think I got four million impressions on twitter So if you think about what it would cost you to buy four million impressions on Twitter or if what it would cost you to develop something that has that level of Resonance, I think it's easy to get distracted from that as as Like the three of us have distribution, but that that is a valuable thing right to own something that has that level of cultural Uh velocity to me is you know, I don't want to say it's It's underpriced, but I think it's like I think it's a It's a legitimate bet like if you can see that this thing has um This thing resonates with people and that's the beauty of having twitter so visualize value you can see this image that you own 3300 or 4500 people clicked on it said I like this thing So there's also a mega advantage there having that layer on top where you can evaluate how like how much this thing resonates before yourself Does that make sense? I yeah, that does make sense and jack as like I consider us close friends.

I wanted to like buy you I wanted to I was willing to spend around five thousand dollars to buy one of your things Just because I like look up to you as like a creator and I actually think your art's badass And I think you're gonna be like a far more important person than you already are I was willing So I get the sentiment now Without sounding like a douche Like I I have money right and I was really only willing to spend five grand The way the way that someone was gonna spend 150 grand that either they're like Way richer than I am Or they're just Crazy that's how I like I don't understand 150k But like maybe some people don't understand that I was willing to do five k So these are the people who bought bought it very very well.

I'm sure you could like do your ethereum wallet sleuthing and figure out how much people have but Well, you said you know that right? How much money they have like I know when I talk to him That's a normal person. He doesn't do what we do Bro, if you know that like I don't have to I don't have to know someone I'm like, oh well The guy drives a g wag and he's from Dubai. I mean they go back and forth in twitter dm. Some people don't have their real name But it's like hey, um, you know, you develop a relationship here.

Here's how it works The guy who bought the people artwork for for whatever 69 million dollars something like that Um, I I might I know I might be mixing it up, but you know meet covan That says you that's his handle Well, I just read about him. He started him. I mean, he's probably worth hundreds of millions of dollars through bitcoin So he's looking for something to do with it. I'm gonna invest $5,000 into bitcoin and is worth over a billion dollars Based on when he invested it So he's investing like I said, you go to chuckie cheese.

You're great at ski ball You hit the $5,000 jackpot the tickets start spitting out of this machine You don't think about it like spending $150,000 you think about it like spending 70 ether and you have 70,000 ether or whatever, right? So spending a fraction of his like giant stockpile of crypto bucks and it feels There's that many I'm shocked. There's that many people that like jack butcher, which who's like a relatively He's not bpoll, but he's like kind of a big deal that there's that many people that will just buy his thing for 100 100 grand i'm just shocked that that there's that many people who have that You know on your own being shocked, but And if jack if you do sell this thing for 76 million dollars, I mean Like obvious like who cares about history and how neat that is.

I mean that would like That would be generous. I mean that would be the butcher family would be famous for five generations I mean that would be the most absurd story of all time perhaps It would be it would be just so wild and so funny. I I hope it works I kind of in a actually in a way maybe I actually hope it doesn't work because you know what they say about people who You're not exactly this because you've worked hard for it So it'd be like selling a company for you, but you know what they say about people who like win the lottery and how like a huge Some of them A huge number of them they end up becoming mathematics and or they get they're broken depressed Yeah, yeah, like I think that's a good thing And or they get they're broken depressed.

Yeah, yeah, like they're already messed up a little bit And now there's even more they're messed up times the amount of money they earned Like I don't want that to happen. I don't think it would happen to you I would also be nervous like you know the the the fact that there's even an outside chance of it happening Is this the most ludicrous thing? It's supposed to be like a piece of art in itself, right? That nobody interacts with commentary on the space But the fact that it exists on a platform where a transaction could actually happen is quite like just Unfathomable and that would like definitely warp your experience of the world and I I can't even fathom what something like that would be like but um Yeah, yeah aliens will land before that happens me.

That's crazy Okay, we should we should wrap this Yeah, I don't know where we go from here, but Jack. Thanks for coming on. What a weird, you know We texted you like 30 minutes ago or 40 minutes ago. You hopped on so I appreciate that. It was fun I hope somebody buys the thing. I think that would be fucking amazing um I think it couldn't happen to a better guy. So so as I think I I think there is a Um, I hope I get a text that's like holy shit And if I get a text today that says holy shit from anybody, I know what has gone down.

So I hope it happens It's hard you growing a podcast is the hardest thing I've ever done. It's easier to just sell a picture for 77 million dollars And it is to get create a top 10 business podcast as shit you not it is actually easier to do one than the other I feel like I can rule the world. I know I could be what I want to Do I put my all in it like no days off on a road. Let's travel never looking back


