---
description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWbeGSGPUck
---

# My First Million - 05/05/2020

Date: 03/08/2020

Duration: 54 minutes, 29 seconds

Model: Whisper-small

I Namaste That's our corona namaste people are legit doing the foot handshake Like several people have done this to me like all right. Yep corona one of our tap tap of my co workers Bobby put he on Instagram he's like handshake handshakes artists are discussing right now You have to do other things and he put a video of him and another co worker Katie having their feet with their That's like that is the best content on social media is these photos that will just trigger people when they see that there was one where This guy was on a plane and he was barefoot and he put his foot on the armrest of the of the person in front of them And it got like I don't know whatever the max number of Twitter users are that could share that's how many people We should I should take that from him and share shared on my stuff because I'll Get some of their I'll steal their clout last podcast we talked about run the world.

Yeah, okay, so Retraction yeah big major retraction. I signed up me and Alan did it Sorry guys. It didn't work platform sucks right now platform sucks I think that if they're listening you can get it right, but you missed it this time and you tweeted at them Do they respond to you? Yeah good customer service and they I got a I sent it to you I couldn't go to bed last night two or three in the morning. They just screwed up So it's just kind of buggy, right? Yeah. Yeah, that's a portion. We'll figure it out I'll figure it out.

We'll try another one at some point, but we definitely did it. Unfortunately didn't work. Yeah Is there any okay, so we can get other updates. How about Henry with the microphone talking to that? Oh, get that get that smooth voice that very man. I love voice on here. Oh Man, look at that new fan favorite. That's awesome Powerful young Henry, but but he is leaving I know but for now it's powerful young Henry So now when we need to look stuff up and then Henry finds the information because we don't know what the hell we're talking about Now he can say it into the mic, which is great.

Are there any other updates that we have to talk about run the world didn't work Henry as a mic No, let's get we asked people to subscribe and unsubscribe and send videos. I don't think it worked. Don't think that worked But podcast is growing anyways, so I feel happy. We're up. I think 55% since last month Which is awesome. So if you are listening to this You don't have to do much just share this with a friend and you could tag either of us on Twitter and we will I'll for sure reply Sean will right if you say he will and he might I may or may not reply But here's the thing I was on my way over here today and you know, I like to get in the mood like I like to prime I like to prime the pump I Couldn't I was like, alright, what should I listen to that's gonna get the ideas flow and get the wheels turning So that when I come in here, my brain is already firing There's no podcast to listen to that's like this dude.

I hate to say it There's no other podcast that does this where it's like there's a lot of good podcasts where it's great storytelling Great interviews, but nobody is playing mental hopscotch with ideas and so I couldn't get anything to get me going so that's a good sign when I wasn't here stew did it and I Listened to it and I loved it and I love the notes even more, right? I love the notes I had no idea about the whole Christian tithing Business awesome, and I that's when I know it's good because I typically hate anything.

I'm involved in and how about our guy I forgot his name is like I'm gonna butcher it's like let's all or something like that a brew No, no, nothing not a brew a brew is with the notes, but the guy who's doing the tithing business He like oh, yes a guy messaged us I sounds like he was English. He must be in the UK Basically, so his thing was we didn't give him the idea. He said the background So the background is we were talking about means to we're talking about okay cool religious religion tech church tech and One of the ideas that came up or one of the things I told him I said somebody had reached out and said give me three months I'm gonna be on the podcast because I'm gonna build this thing.

It's badass. You guys should know you're talking about church tech There's this company that has digital tithing. It's called push pay. It's big four billion process 98 million in revenue There's another one called tidally and he's like, but they're not big in the UK or Europe right now I'm gonna build it in UK and Europe and in the the Facebook group which will put the link in the show notes He's providing these video updates. So he posted his first video update. I don't know if you saw it Where he's like I got 23 customers churches who were interested in doing this including one that runs 2,000 churches And he's young and he's a young guy.

He's a smart guy and he's like look here's how I came up with this idea And I'm doing it. I'm gonna provide video updates every week in this thing and I love the war I love people share their work. I love when people work in public I think it's a extremely underrated thing to do and every time you do it You get this army of people who are rooting for you and opening up doors for you as you go I totally agree and it keeps you accountable, which I'm excited to see what he's gonna do Hopefully his next video is a little shorter.

Yeah, this one was like six minutes eight minutes I watched two of the eight, but I enjoy that I watched I like that guy So show I guess we should we should put up Bruce. I think that's how you say his name a brain you yeah We should put his show notes in the in the description. Yeah, absolutely. This guy is a listener He just makes these great notes. We don't know him. I mean, I met him recently He called me a little bitch That's what he did. Just shock you or what? Well, I met him and he goes Hey, why don't you follow me on Twitter? I was like, I don't know.

I'm sorry and he goes Just stop you a little bitch and follow me. That's one of the first things he said when I met him. I was like Nice to meet you. So Kudos to that guy for Whatever you want to give me I had this blog post I used to try to blog about business back in the day and when we were doing a very first start up right out of college and None of my posts got read by anybody nobody cared But one post went semi viral and it was called the first curse advantage and basically I was saying how in a meeting the first person Who who uses a curse word? Sort of establishes himself as the person who just doesn't give a fuck about the They put themselves in a position of power and it also builds a different level of rapport because you're obviously using informal language with somebody else and You're demonstrating that you're not seeking their approval in a way and so I always in meetings I do this I try to be the first to curse in a meeting But can I say I don't love that and I'm like because you don't like cursing in general or I mean I actually when I hear myself curse.

I'm like, man, I sound kind of trashy I agree. I don't like when I hear myself do it and I think I do it too much But I've noticed in meetings it changes the dynamic like instantly and for better or worse but I but I think the difference between being crude and being cursing actually so like Saying bitch. I fucking hate right. Oh my god. You just hear that That wasn't a purpose. So I don't like when people say that I don't Quick quick story before we get into this I went I got married in September Yeah, and I had to go I got married Catholic Church And you got to go meet with the priest ahead of time and I was really nervous because I don't I don't I'm not practicing I don't go to church and but I wanted I the whole wedding was they have to approve it and the whole wedding was on the line Right, so I had to like be a good Catholic or at least appear like one And I remember I was sitting there and the guy was asked the priest was asking me and my wife my future wife about like so Do you guys agree on children? What do you think about birth control all this stuff or whatever he was asking and I would just say whatever I thought Had to be the right answer.

I was very nervous. I was like, yes, sir. Yes, we go to church Three times like I just said everything and then my phone rings and I was so nervous. I go I go. Oh fuck. Sorry It went really loud and then he looked at me and I was like shit my bad. I didn't be the cuss and And I thought I was so embarrassed and mortified That's amazing. Yeah, but he let it go He let it go. Good guy. Yeah, he let it go I thought I made a joke about how I was asked him at school He went to and he said he had a lot of student debt and he said He's like, yeah, but the young guy young like his 30s or maybe late 30s And he said but the church pays for it and I made like a joke like ah, so that's why you joined and he didn't Appreciate that.

He didn't like that. You want to get into it? Let's get into it Can you make that bigger? I can't read that from here There we go Okay, let's start with an idea Curly girl hair so you guys in trends did a post about natural the natural hair movement. Yeah, that's a big big thing and Mix race mix race and black women and so talk a little bit about what was in the report And then I'll tell you sort of what I've seen separate from that It sounds like you're more interested in that you tell me what okay? All right, so so I'll start with so my sister in law got has super curly hair and Never seen Shawn.

He's Indian. I'm Indian and she's Indian and she's got super curly hair and Curly hair takes a lot of maintenance right like gets humid boom It's frizzy and you have like this is episode of friends or Monica's hair is like an afro That that happens or it's flat or you want to straighten it or whatever. It's a lot of maintenance of curly hair and so She was telling me she's like yeah, I downloaded this like I joined this thing. I bought this PDF. That's called the curly girl guide or something like that and It's his method like taming your hair and getting because I told her I was like your hair looks great nowadays Like what are you been doing and I just thought she would say like oh I use this other product She's like no, there's like a 12 step process Anybody with curly hair man anywhere else so my wife if you're I guess they would be able to see this My wife's black.

She's half white. She's also not here even if they're watching Yeah, so he's half white and half black and she buys a lot of this stuff as well Right and so like there's a whole thing of like, you know when you go to sleep You need to wrap your hair in a certain way to sort of like whatever the oils blah blah blah and so then and like some basics That you just don't do so like she you know She had curly hair her whole life, but didn't know oh I'm not supposed to use shampoo in the same way that most people use shampoo And so she was telling me about some of these differences anyways opportunity.

I was like I like these businesses where you could put out Content and information that just helps people and then and then sort of on the back end sell the kit That's like oh by the way like if you just want to push a button and get the solution I have the kit that has all the shit you need because she spent hours researching all the different products that like What is the best version of this oil? I'm supposed to have what is the best version of the shampoo for me and And so anyways, I think there's an opportunity to do this curly girl hair kit because There's this huge number of women that have curly hair the spend is in the multi billions per year in the US for How this gets treated and there is this natural hair movement where it's less about Doing these really damaging things like permanently straightening your hair or You know weaves and whatnot like now there's a sort of a natural hair movement and so people need Content like education plus the tools this is sort of a hair care kit To take care of the hair.

Okay. I love that Henry. Can you do me a favor on a new tab type in reddit curly hair? So there's a whole subreddit one of the ways I like to look at validation and ideas for different companies is I like to look at the Engagement and size of a particular subreddit. How many subscribers does this subreddit have I can't read that from here Use that use that mic you got Henry. What are you doing? That's pretty good. I think actually for a curly hair and particularly because reddit is Mostly men right and this is a woman's focused curly hair subreddit with exactly so great way to sort of validate the demand and then the community Aspect to this where people are sharing information and recommending products to each other The other side of this is it photographs great So, you know before and after I believe is the best ad that you can do before which is a photo after which is a better photo and You don't even need to show your product.

You just need to show whatever I took gave me this outcome I was here now. I'm there. So my wife loves this subreddit. Okay, so here's further validation Okay, so particularly so I think that the the angle here is you have to go ethnicity or race specific Yeah, so whether it's Indian. I have no idea if Asian women suffer from this But if they do good do that I know from firsthand experience that mixed race women or Whether they're white and black or any other combination suffer from this as well and further validation is Fenty Rihanna has that brand that sold to the Louis Vuitton company or what's it called L? Lvmh Lvmh they and you could read about the deal I think it was valued at eight hundred million dollars and her a lot of her thing is towards Yeah, of course races And then another idea here and everyone knows about this woman, but Kayla it's new it seems it's thing It's it's what's it's not or some yeah sweats her app This is where I sound like your wife does it my wife does it yeah I sound like an idiot because I'm a guy and I don't pay attention Yeah, this whole segment is like bros trying to talk about you know products.

They don't understand but I'm fascinated I'm interested. I'm trying and everyone loves a try so Kayla's thing. I heard that's a hundred million dollar your company It is the fitness app itself. That's like crazy, and it was just built off her Instagram probably so that's crazy I'm into this started with she started with the same thing beach But the bikini body guide I think was her content that's just a PDF and then it was PDF And the PDF got circulated everywhere And basically she allowed the like paid PDF to get bootlegs and just shared everywhere and what that did was it just gave her tons of awareness tons of marketing and And then she launched the app which you couldn't bootleg and you had to pay for and then boom and the most interesting part about her thing was she so she's like mainstream popular and typically when things are mainstream popular maybe sometimes like people think they're cool can think it's kind of lame and Sarah's a Ivy League educated New Yorker, and she was like oh, I love this PDF Right, and so she has access to all types of interesting things and she still uses it And I thought that was amazing that people really respected and liked it.

Yeah, she comes across very well if you've ever seen her content She's not like She's not hateable like yeah come across as hateable. I thought that's cool. Oh And last thing diva curl there. Have you heard of diva curl not no Another mixed race shampoo. Maybe it's for black women, but or maybe I don't know what the I forget if it's black women or mixed race women That's what we use for shampoo, and it was quite for acquired for a quarter of a billion Nice, and there's some things on the opposite side like Tristan Walker who was I think either the co founder or first employee of four square left to start his own African here African American men's skincare product company Walker brands Walker brands where it was like you know shaving stuff because you know the hair is different course it's gonna the traditional shaving gear was causing problems and Didn't work out went under and that kind of brings me to I don't know why it went under exactly I don't know if it was well I like why they just raised too much money and fucked everything up.

Okay, so speaking of that atrium folded Yeah, so atrium is a company that has raised 70 million dollars 75 million 75 million dollars You made a great comment that I've stolen and I've told everyone but basically atrium what they did they never did anything really Unfortunately, they tried to do a bunch of things so at first it was almost like it You'd pay a flat fee and get a service done and then they were like all right Let's create software so lawyers can contribute with their clients and you can see what they're doing, right? But you said why didn't they just make a law firm exactly? so basically atrium if you don't know started by Justin con who's the founder of just Justin TV which became twitch and You know well known guy in silica valley, so he raises 75 million pretty much out the gate like in two rounds I believe but the first round, you know I think they raised 10 million bucks for out of 90 million dollar valuation on just Justin saying hey I'm gonna do a new thing and then they raise more money and they raise it all pre product market fit So before they knew what they had and what the product what the market wanted They raised a ton of money and what I call this is the curse of money expectations and people and so what does that mean? The curse of money is when you get too much money before you actually know what you're doing You that actually decreases your odds of success doesn't increase your odds of success, right? The second is expectations Justin con famous guy serial entrepreneur raises a bunch of money at a high valuation Now you have the weight of those expectations, which makes you less nimble less agile and less responsive to you know Changing up your own and you know what he told me he spoke at hustle con I hung out with him backstage one of my secrets of a hustle con is I make everyone come an hour early right and I lied to Them about when they have to speak starts at two.

Yep. So I hang out with them backstage and I meet all these people I told one guy the founder of Zapier I hung out with that dude all day wait doing this thing and what Justin told me was he goes I have a chip on my shoulder that Twitch sold for one billion dollars. This has to be 10 billion or I'm not interested and I was like I don't know if that's a healthy healthy attitude Justin he goes I have a chip on my shoulder, which I think that is actually healthy I'm all for that, but he told me he's like here's what the expectations are and I was like that's a little crazy dude But whatever yeah, that is a little crazy And the last one is to the curse of money Expansion of people and people is when you have all this money and you have all these expectations start hiring a bunch of people So they laid off like I don't know a hundred people take 200 Why did they even have a hundred or 200 people and they were lawyer like lawyer type? I mean these people will cost a lot right and so before you have product market fit You want to have as few people as possible you want to have as little you know sort of lightweight expectations You want to be extremely nimble and agile so they tried to do a hybrid like you said I went to one So one of the thing they did really well was Justin leveraged what he had leverage your assets right so his asset was he's got a name in The tech community so here's what he did he first when he raised money raised from like a bunch of VCs because he knew well They have companies they're gonna send their client They're gonna send their those are my future clients and I love what what you're about to say now I think that's even better and so I don't know if you know, but so I'm talking about these weekend things he hosted Yeah, so did you go to one? No, so I went on to a few so he basically said cool weekend workshop Justin Khan is gonna do an atrium Academy workshop on the weekend and I remember what the promise was I think it was like how to raise money for your company And so I went to one of them because I wanted to see what was up and it's a kind of an all day thing at the Atrium office and Justin's a very charismatic magnetic speaker.

Yeah, and so he starts telling the atrium stories You know when we We started this company and he's like, you know one of the things about I always thought he's like I became involuntary I became an involuntary power user of legal services. I love that phrase He's like because you know when we were selling twitch for a billion dollars We needed a bunch of lawyers and when I did this other thing we raised money for I need a bunch of lawyers And I do all these investments and I need a bunch of lawyers So I just realized the man legal system sucks and everyone's not in their head He's like, you know, it's weird that you don't know the price of something You know, they bill you by the hour so they're incentivized to spend as much time and bill you as much as they can You want it fast and you want to know your price? We're like, yeah, you're righteous and I do want that And he's like, you know, the second thing is it is like why I looked into it.

Why isn't there a competitor? No, no, the second one was like I was having dinner with my friend who's a lawyer and I asked her You know, what do you guys use for project management? She's like, what do you mean? He's like, do you use Trello or sauna and she's like, I don't know what those words are He's like lawyers don't use anything for their project management. Isn't that crazy or yeah, it's crazy. Last one. He was like He's like so then I was like, why doesn't somebody start a competitor? He's like, I realized there's some legislation that says you can't start a law firm and I'm gonna butcher what the actual legal Problem was but like there was a rule you cannot start a law firm unless you're a lawyer Yeah, unless you've been a lawyer for a certain amount of time or whatever it was He's like, so that's why no outsider has done this.

But luckily we found a loophole that let us start this law firm So we're one of the only new law firms that started not by these people by the end of it You're like do you take my money? I want you know, I want to invest in your thing Your impression of Justin Khan is so condescending and so funny I don't mean it that way I was impressed I'm trying to say he told this story and I was eating it up and And and so I was like this is amazing this this whole workshop was amazing He brought in his friends who were giving advice and they were fucking awesome They were so good at giving advice and so anyways by the end of it And he gives me advice He was just like because we were building on the twitch platform with like a twitch sort of like the streaming app thing He was like, yeah, you know, we thought about doing that man.

We don't think it's valuable I don't think your things gonna be valuable and he was pretty much right We had to pivot and so we so anyways by the end of this I was like this was an amazing way to acquire customers I that's my like long winded way of saying he used his assets. He did these workshops It's not a scalable thing, but man, he I don't like one people over. I think you're so wrong First of all, you don't need that many customers for this thing to make a very large He could have got a hundred clients easily within a couple months.

Yeah, and I Hate when people say that they go, this isn't scalable like They'll talk about agencies and they'll say it's not scalable. It's like what are you talking about some agencies have 20,000 people That seems like it's scaled to me like perfectly fine. I do think those are scalable actually It depends right if you're a product that needs thousands and thousands of customers then doing workshops with 20 people at a time It's not gonna get you there So it's not scalable in that sense. So you want to hear a cool story about that the founder of Pandora his name's Tim Westergen I went and met with them when I went and met with them We were good.

We went out to lunch and he's like, oh, I forgot to do something like you can you walk with me? And I walked with them and then we go and he goes I gotta get a haircut And so I just sit next to him and this guy's words probably 600 million dollars We go super cuts right and he gets a haircut for $12 and we're sitting there in the barbershop. It's on a Tuesday at One no one's there and he's telling me the story. I go. What did you used to do? How'd you go Pandora? He goes here's what I would do Monday through Thursday.

He goes I had a COO who ran the company. I would go I would just he goes This was I think it was a little bit for social media was around He said I would email people and I would say I'm gonna be at this library in New York at this time Any Pandora users in the area come and talk to me and he said he did that for four years And he goes here's the first one I did and he showed me a picture of him at a coffee shop He goes two people showed up and he was here's the last one I did and he showed me a picture and it was at the library and there was Two or three thousand people there.

He goes I would do that Monday to Thursday I did meetups everywhere all I did was travel and I did it for years and It worked out if he goes he goes I was like did it work He goes every time I did it so like he was it would take a little while But after a couple years of doing it, I would go to the south or go to Atlanta and we would see More advertisers come so it was just like he goes it worked out perfectly right and because I said the same thing I go wow, that's a horrible waste of time He goes no it worked We made a lot of money off of it and I got to connect with users and I would relay the feedback back to this right my CEO And they would do it.

Yeah, you so that case He's not trying to grow Pandora's active user base He's taking fans and turning them into diehards and he's he's generating advertising revenue Which you can get that actually scales enough to where you can get advertisers and he's getting feedback firsthand Which is like great for the product to get better That's a dope story. I love I love I love that story. There's your there's a clip Related to that by the way, there's a You know, there's probably like 10 blog posts that matter the most if you're gonna do a startup One of them is the program essay do things that don't scale where he's talking about with Airbnb Early on and if you're kind of in the startup world just fast forward 30 seconds But if you're not you'll like the story if you haven't heard it So Airbnb is in Y Combinator.

They're struggling Airbnb is not really working They have like 20 customers or something low and they go into Paul Graham's office He's the the advisor from Y Combinator and he's like, okay, so tell me how it's going and they're like, well, you know It's small and not really growing and he's like, okay, but tell me what what have you learned from your customers? You've been out there. What'd you learn and they're like, well, you know, most of our customers You know most four customers are in New York and they're putting their apartments up. He's like, they're in New York Yeah, like most of your customers in New York.

It's like, yeah, I think what are you doing here? Like go to New York. You need to go to New York now and like why are you in San Francisco if your customers are in New York? So he sent them over there and what they did which is something that nobody else was doing was if you ever saw an apartment listening before the photos look like shit because it would be somebody on their crappy mobile phone at that time taking a photo of a dirty apartment and Listing it for rent and so it was like the worst sales pitch.

And so they started themselves going in they said, hey Can we send up they would tell their customers? Hey, we want to do professional photos of your place increases bookings by 40% Are you open to that? And then they would show up as the professional photographer and be like, hey by the way, I'm the founder and they would take photos and that Airbnb listing started to look great and Everyone told them this won't scale and they also thought this won't scale and to an extent it did Because even now today, there's a sort of fleet of photographers that will come and take photos of your place to list it because it was just that Important and they found a way to make it scale.

I think that's a great story Another thing that shocks people is I think even if you have hundreds of thousands of users Maybe as high as millions you could really I've done this with us I will just call and talk I only need to talk to about 10 people right and I can see the pattern that That represents tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of people, right? I could you could just tell you so like what you could do is a B test shit and wait if you're just starting you're not gonna It's not gonna be significant And that could work fine if you just call 10 people you really get the information right totally I was talking to Emmett so Emmett's the CEO of twitch where I'm working then One of you know being at a big company has all these different weird things that aren't really related to my core interest Which is startups so I ask him it all the time just tell me about the early days and so I asked him I said hey when you guys were pivoting from Justin TV to twitch was that obvious? He's like no dude at Justin TV like less than 2% of the watch time was on video games It wasn't obvious that this was the thing to do He's like I just liked it and I thought there was an option and he goes and then I talked to a bunch of customers And I said do you have your notes from that and he's like yeah I do and so he sent me his notes from the initial conversations He had with all these streamers all these customers and we publish those no I don't probably not but I was reading through them and it was fascinating So first was just like first lesson was just go ask the founder CEO about the early days I bet you they have a bunch of resources that are awesome.

He sent me the old pitch decks and stuff like that I Think I sent you one slide which was my favorite slide the title of the slide because he was a progress update for their early investors Yeah, and it just said We're like a bulldozer in a field full of flowers and it was a list of all the shit they got done that month And I was like this attitude like if I said that today at Twitch it would be like what is this maniac saying like? Why is your slide so aggressive? But that's how they were early on so then he had all these notes of his customer conversations And he always tells everybody at twitch.

He's like go talk to people by the sixth conversation You'll hear the same thing over and over again it takes six phone calls basically to figure out the pattern and by the sixth one you'll know and You'll you won't even want to do 50 conversations You'll be like alright. I I can predict what this person's gonna say before they even say it after six That's awesome. I think we just got ourselves another clip clip it What do you want to want to first of all share that deck with me again and also Yeah, I will ask him actually cuz it's pretty cool.

What do you want to get? What do you want to do? The one thing I can't share out of that by the way He asked three questions like I said, you know, oh customer interviews is there a whole skill set to learn? He goes no dude. I asked three questions. I said, what do you like about your current platform? What do you dislike about your current platform and what will it take to get you to switch to twitch? And that's what he asked every single customer and then he just heard the common things and he would build it and you go back to me Said you told me this is what it would take for you to switch two weeks later Here it is.

Are you ready? And then sometimes they're like no still he's like, okay cool What's next and he would just like keep doing that three questions. That's badass Just to wrap that up if you want to learn about this stuff I think the best book I've ever read on this is called the mom test. Yeah, I love that Jack recommended me that book Yep, it's fantastic. It's the best thing any book to like a long blog post 50 pages That book in terms of your business life might change. Yeah the mom test What do you want to do? So you have something Disney parks.

We do that. Let's do that next time. Okay, we'll do that next time Scroll up Do we do the Trader Joe's thing last time do you guys remember? No, okay, so there was this great write up in the trends Facebook group by this guy Morgan or girl Morgan I'm not sure exactly but Morgan key and it was talking about hey the founder of Trader Joe's just died I think Joe. I don't know how you say the last name, but Joe from Trader Joe's passed away and You know, so he dug into the model and said What is it that makes Trader Joe's work? and there's a bunch of really fascinating things where they basically broke all of the rules and I thought it was just like a great example of of Like, you know when you want to do something different or you want to like make a splash in the industry like it pays to just change A bunch of the rules so some of the things that they do differently so they go through the rules So they most grocery stores have a ton of SKUs.

They're like oh people want all the options We got to carry everything that people ask for Trader Joe's has on average. I think 4,000 SKUs an average grocery store will be 40,000 So one tenth the number of SKUs The next thing that I thought was interesting was they overstaffed not under staff so every other grocery was trying to sort of Have minimal labor costs and they go the exact opposite direction and try to provide like an experience for shopping They private label basically all of their goods. So how do you okay great? I overstaff possible I overstaffed But that's like expensive.

So where do they make their money back? Yeah, they make their money back by not buying You know not by buying wholesale and selling retail They actually just private label their stuff and have a way bigger margin on their items So what's an example of that? So like their tomato sauce for example? They will have or salsa it'll be called Trader Joe's salsa and people will be like oh I love Trader Joe's salsa and it's actually the same exact salsa that somebody else carries They go straight to that supplier or manufacturer and they say hey We want our own line of this and so it's usually the Joe's isn't making it No, they they go to the supplier, but they private label the that that exact item Oh, I didn't know they carry it they get a much bigger margin because they're cutting out the sort of retailer And they have all this pricing power to go to suppliers with and say hey We have all these locations.

So we are already a big customer from day one We want you to give us our own brand of popcorn our own brand of this or on brand of that And then on the other side that makes customers love it because people will get addicted to this and they think oh That pretzel that chocolate cover pretzel I loved I can only get it at Trader Joe's That's not the reality because there's no brand on it But they could actually get that same thing. They just don't know the brand and it's from some other I have felt that exact same way About a lot of the product and so there was a there's a few other ones that I thought were interesting I'm gonna dig it up, but talk for a second while I just so I'll tell you guys a quick story So we're talking about scaling I talked to Max Mullen at hustle con and you listen to this story He told me that when they first started in who's Max Mullen Max Mullen started Instacart Okay, he goes He goes our first store was Trader Joe's and they wouldn't let us go in there and they wouldn't give us all their inventory He goes I took it took he goes it cost 25 grand.

I bought everything in the store We brought it to apartment took a photo of it pictures of every single thing. I love it It was $25,000. He goes one of everything was about 25 grand and he did that with Whole Foods and then five other stores That's amazing. Okay, couple of the points that Morgan brought up. So No data collection. So they're not collecting data on their customers They don't ask for your they don't do sales coupons loyalty or or advertising the biggest expense So their marketing is samples in the store. So they go above and beyond on samples and don't do a whole bunch of other promotional stuff They expanded very slowly.

So they have about 500 locations after 50 years And so they really went sort of slow and steady with their growth sort of like in and out or whatever And are they owned by someone at the moment private company? I don't think they got bought by a private I think it's literally like owned by the Joe original whoever's there's a couple people involved And so in the end their price per or sorry, they're earnings per square foot in their store So they'll earn $2,000 per square foot revenue And like Whole Foods would do 1.2 Okay, and then you know Walmart will do 600k.

So they're Way more profitable per square foot because of our start way more revenue per square foot because of these These different changes they made to the standard model. I dig that I Uh, we should I don't know why we should publish that. I think it's a $10 billion Company overall. I thought they were owned by all these for some reason. You might be right. I don't know on that But shout out to Morgan. I thought this is a great breakdown Love it do more of that in the groups. We love this stuff and we'll share the information Because yeah more people need to learn from this stuff.

So that's actually an interesting take Which is what are the interesting components that makes something special? So we're doing this thing that we're gonna publish on Tuesday on hotels And I thought that that was really interesting and so it's not live yet. So I haven't been able to read all of it But basically a lot of the largest hotel chains what they do is they don't actually own the property I mean, sorry sometimes they own the property, but it's all franchise. Yeah, and so 90% of their money is made via franchising Hilton's Marriott's whatever. Yeah, I had no idea And so that's one of like the secret sauces which is you have to do franchising and it's really expensive like could be $10 million to start a Marriott franchise right very expensive That's not that expensive 10,000.

That's cheap for sorry. I said 10 million. Oh Okay, yeah, that's a lot it's crazy And so what what we've been doing on trends and what I have always loved doing which is what's like What's like the the thing that makes something special what makes it tick? Yeah, so for example with software typically it's just What makes a great software business is like there's I'm just riffing here But I'd have to find the exact numbers, but it's like are is the annual revenue per customer at least $5,000 Can you make it so churn is only 4% a month and then there's Probably only one or two more rules, but it's usually churn and can it be at least five grand a year for a saspis since you're talking about yeah, and so I love seeing those like Yeah, you want so what investors do is they see so many deals and they talk to so many founders and they do this for a number of Years they get to see how these play out they start to do what they call pattern recognition Which has pros and cons the pros is great You can recognize a good thing when it's a good thing the con is if you're trying to make everything fit your pattern You'll miss the outliers and that's a that's a big issue, but But it's worth it's still a tool in your tool belt that you should have so I feel like it should this should not just be investors that do Do this this should be entrepreneurs as well so you should be looking at different businesses industries breaking them down listening to podcasts like this or others and Trying to identify the patterns of commonalities and try to characterize.

Okay. What made that business tick What made this have a different outcome than that? What are the sort of minimum requirements on let's say churn or customer? You know customer value For a saspis is to work and start to get these rules of thumb or like kind of common patterns in place in your brain Yeah, and what what I've been trying to do is figure it figure out those on on all types of things Yeah, and that's been exciting you want to do one more Yeah, let's do one more. So there's this thing called thinks th Nks Where's that on here? Oh, okay? What's that? So I saw this in a Instagram ad or something like that.

That was kind of kind of clever. So Be to be gifting so what thinks does or I think it's probably thinks that they're trying to do which is saying thanks Oh, that's stupid. I hate cute spelling. Yeah cute spelling kind of kind of tripped them up there So what it does is it's like from your phone You can instantly just send a little gift to any business acquaintance. So it's like you could send You know a bottle of wine you can send a box of chocolate you can send a Uber ride You can send $25, you know Amazon thing whatever so they have a whole bunch of different Digital gifts that are it just looked the in the ad it looked frictionless of like how easy this would be to just send this Little thank you to everyone.

So for someone like you guys you guys have advertisers We have guests that come on the podcast and I know I would love to send them gifts. I know that I should I know these little things go a long way even though it just seems like they shouldn't But I don't take the time to do it And so I think if somebody actually made a really good be to be gifting platform that did both the actual gifting so being able to send it to your contact But also they sort of accounting for it. So keeping track of it in a spreadsheet and all that stuff may be helping you expense it I think that could be a big business.

I think a lot of sales people would use this I totally agree the way what what do you point did he do that? No I like that what I would do one or two things the first thing that I would do is I would do I think the way that I would set this up is I would make it pretty heavy on slack or integrate with Salesforce Yeah We've built a couple Salesforce plugins that we love and other people have asked us to give it to them What's an example of one? I'm not involved in our sales for saying but basically Like one example is we've connected our quick books and our sales force really effectively Which was a previous previously a really hard problem.

I mean that's really nitty gritty accounting stuff. Got you but it was really frustrating another thing that we built in Salesforce was so that we the way that we built our businesses We can get a line of credit on our invoices and we've synced it all We we've synced it all up So our bank knows which invoices we have based off Salesforce and things like that right and it's really effective but what I would do in this is I would hook it up to the sales force or slack and I would make it so you could send co workers as well and Basically the boss puts your credit card down and he allocates it or she allocates it so every employee gets automatically like some number of ten dollars to two hundred dollars a month right and You have you can like type in like send Henry a gift at San Francisco office, right? And like for example, I buy gift gift cards for people all the time where someone has done something really cool or like Edie was saying Her cars.

I don't know if her cars messed up I'd be like send Edie a hundred dollar Uber gift card, right? That I think that would be fantastic and the way that I would build it is that it would remind every employee How much balance they have left at the end of the month? So you for sure know it's gonna get right get used that's kind of that's really interesting and I would also look at What's the what's the fruit baskets that are popular edible range edible range? Yeah, I would look at there. I would go they crush.

Yeah, I think they're publicly traded Yeah, I would go and read all about how they do it and where they say are the biggest markets for their B Is it real estate agents who need to you know always be out there? Is it sales? Is it? You know, whatever else so there's some stats that are on here. I don't know who added these but great 89 Oh, he did down a nice Alan shout out to Alan 89% of C. Sweet execs believe that gifting brings people closer together Okay, love it And then after receiving a gesture of appreciation individuals feel like sort of the what the rule of reciprocity Yeah, so 56% more likely to reciprocate and and I think it's I think it's great I have a friend Greg Eisenberg who's all about gifting Ramon is a great gift her as well He's almost obnoxiously good.

Yeah, and so they just are so thoughtful and By little things that go a long way. It just makes you love the person Yeah, so another thing I would do to run this company is I would go to is it it was a book called influence by Robert Chaudini He's at this thing called the rule of reciprocity. It's summed up in In basically I can do a favor for Sean and he's gonna do a favor back to me Even if he didn't ask for me to do him a favor and it is likely that he will repay me back in a disproportionate amount So for example, there's been times you could like go up to someone and you could be like, hey You want to you want to kind of give you a coke or can I give you? Like the small ten dollar gift and I could be negotiating with you for selling a car and get a deal and get a deal right? Or for example, I could say something like hey, can you grab my mail or let me grab your mail for you when you're out of town? And then two weeks later I could be like hey, can I borrow your car for five days? and Typically people will do it and so I would make the whole tagline of my company which is like I Would make I always think of it like in terms of headlines and copywriting for sales pages I would make the whole headline all about How you can manipulate you have to use positive positive language, but how you can manipulate people by giving gifts Would you're at what I would go to that book? the rule of reciprocity and I would find it find a great fact Maybe that's what the headline would be it would be the definition of the rule recipe like I would make it look like a definition rule of reciprocity like yeah now or something like defined as inadequate or Disproportional given in response to a gift.

Yeah in other words we help you make more money So there's there's is I just went to their website growing business through growing business with gratitude Build strong business relationships through efficient personalized and thoughtful gestures of appreciation. That's whack That's whack. That sounds like a good company. Dude. I get every company we mention on here I get a message that either the CEO starts listening to it or they were already listening to it So like we talked about only fans the founders listen to this. No shit. We talked about pipe the founder reached out Yeah, hey, I love it.

I don't they reach out to me. I talked about mystery science I hung out with the founder yesterday and he was like we were jamming mystery science mystery science is the Amazing business. It's Bill Nye the science guy Delivered into schools. Yeah, wait. Why don't we get those people on here? We can yeah He was he was awesome And by that I didn't realize he had you know three little exits under his belt and he was doing this and the business is just Spitting off cash. It's amazing. It's used by like a crazy number, you know the public thing They he told me some other numbers But I'll say the public thing he told me which is that 50% of elementary schools in America are active users of their product Which is insane penetration, which that just means one classroom within the school Bull whatever you got to 50% of schools being active users on a weekly basis For the product.

I love that. Let's get those people on here. Let's go to questions. Hey, yeah, let's do some quick ones All right, so we asked people to do subscribe and unsubscribe and send us a video of them doing it And we would answer a question that they sent the truth is is a lot of the questions were pretty Okay, yeah, so we're gonna avoid some of the okay ones like what would you do if you had unlimited money? I'm not gonna answer that. I think that's an okay question. Let's see. But let's see what is a couple good questions I Wouldn't let's do a What you want to do Okay, so so here's one so love the podcast I Love the podcast sort of sort order hack.

I don't know what you saying Love the podcast. What's your best SEO hack for a new website from Steven Centra? So I know zero about SEO So for me, I love marketing. I love growth But you sort of specialize in certain sub practices within that SEO is not one of mine But met a guy yesterday and he was like he was telling me he's grown these content sites He's got a pretty repeatable model to grow content sites over a hundred thousand monthly visits up to a million monthly Uniques like within two months and I was he's done it like ten times and I was like, okay Well, what's the formula are you a SEO guru or what he's like? Oh, no, I don't know SEO.

I don't do backlinks I don't know what a schema is like. I don't do any of that stuff He's like I'm all content and I just try to rank on quality and relevance And he's like basically he just looks at what questions people search for using a tool like a hrefs or whatever And so he goes and finds what questions are people searching for Looks at the search result and if somebody's like, you know, the 20 best tips for closing a sales meeting He'll do the 30 best tips and he'll put in a YouTube video and he'll like add all this value in and so he literally just like crushes it on on those questions and some of that sometimes those questions are like You know people Google their deepest darkest secrets.

They're not like politically correct things It'll be like, you know, what's the best way to you know, like Tell your girlfriend you're cheating on them or whatever And so he'll be like the best way to tell your girlfriend you're cheating on them things that companies most sites are not blogging about He's like if there's demand I will write the best content for it and I will rank over the course of a couple months and I'll get my website up I'll tell you a quick story real quick. First. I would say my answer to this is I've done the same thing I've accidentally been good at it.

I would just use two tools HA refs and then SEO Moz Sorry Yoast Yoast it's a plug in for WordPress. That's the those the just use those two tools and you'll be fine and when YouTube first started in 2000 from 2010 to 2009 2012 I had a YouTube channel that had millions of tens of millions of views And all I would do is I would find words people things that were things people were searching for and I would Put a video with that exact same title And then I would make it just a picture and not actually a video the clickbaitiest picture And then I would sell space on that video as background music And I made hundreds of dollars a month when I was a senior in high school doing that So if you ever want to see a thumbnail video of a guy the my most popular video they took it down It's called a black guy beats up white guy So people were searching for that.

Oh, yeah Oh, man, and you could just type in what you could do is you could type in the word white and it would auto fill or type in the word like Fight right fight videos were popular or probably still are look at the auto and it would auto in it all auto Please I did that same thing and for some reason I learned that those fight videos did great Okay, another question. So Robert asks what big picture Think should I be looking at for my podcast to be profitable? It's a medical podcast where I talk about certain diseases and interview people who have them and then he shots out the name of it Which is the patient will see you now All right, so what should he be how should he be thinking about making this podcast profitable? Should we tell him as experts of not so profitable podcast? Yeah, we do not have a profitable podcast We don't know it's profitable.

It's just small relative to like other opportunities. We could be doing It makes money every month What what's your answer? I would basically so not try to go for big so podcast You can either go big audience ads or you can say my podcast is lead gen for other things that I do and So like I've gotten more value out of businesses and opportunity investment opportunities coming from this podcast then the ad revenue we get every month and so Similarly, I think here if you're the people who are gonna listen to this podcast You know, they might be patients with a certain disease You might be able to sell some premium ad spot to you know Some pharmaceutical company, but you probably don't have the scale and so instead what I'd be looking for is I'd say cool If I had a podcast with five thousand doctors listening to it every month.

What what can I do with that community? What other adjacent opportunities business opportunities could I create out of that that loyal community? And so I'm a big fan of just build the tribe first the opportunities reveal themselves as you go And that's how I would go about it. I wouldn't try to do ads For your podcast, I'm not gonna add. It's a good idea. Cool. You want to do one more? Yeah, let's do one more Okay, first three months of your business. What are your first three steps? Very generic question. Is that even useful? Okay, let's combine it with best Man some of these people they ask the most general question.

Yeah, okay. Here's some advice I have a phrase ask a better question get a better answer So ask a specific question and don't ask like, you know in the first three months of a business What are your first three saying like what art is good? Right or like, you know, how do you love you? Like I can't tell you what it's like. How do you how do you do art? I don't know man. You want to talk about like oil painting Right at the Renaissance era. We could let's talk about that. Okay here. Here's a question that I will ask to entertain myself here What's your favorite interview question? When you're interviewing somebody for a job? On a scale one to ten how lucky do you think you are nice? Where'd you get that from? When I interviewed at Airbnb the founder asked me it it's the Jeff Bezos question He was the I think the originator of it or made it popular at least they asked Jeff Bezos What's your favorite question? He said this and now a bunch of us have stole this Joe And Gebbia asked me it and I told him a nine or ten and he said why and I explained to him why and I go Why'd you ask me that he goes people who say they're really lucky or the people I want to be around right? I was like, why do you think that and he goes? Well, if you're lucky if you think you're lucky You must be talented and things just fall in your place or you actually are lucky and I want to surround myself with lucky people I don't want to be around other lucky people.

Yeah, the the specific the question is How lucky of a person do you think you are one to ten one two three is like I'm not very lucky. I don't consider myself a lucky person Four five six is I think I'm pretty I think I'm you know decently lucky average and I you know I think I know why or sorry. I don't know why just that's just how it is and then this the sort of the eight nine tens are I consider myself a very lucky person and here's why and You want people who are either You know if luck is a thing you want them around you just like he said or if they're not you want people who are optimistic and You know when you're building a young business You need optimistic people and then the the why part is interesting too because some people know how to air and Engineer serendipity they know how to engineer lucky situations for themselves or they're looking out for situations where they may be getting lucky And pounce on those opportunities and that's again somebody you want in an early business And then I'm gonna ask you the same question and I think I know what yours is But I'm gonna say another one that is deadly.

I love this question And this is when you back channel on someone and you want to ask about so let's say I'm interviewing Henry and you're his old boss No, I reference check. I'll go I'll go Sean. What would you give Henry out of ten? Just say a number I'll give Henry a seven. Okay, and you're gonna give him a seven because you want to you don't want to completely shit on him And you but you also want to be realistic and so I would then I would say okay. Well, what? What can I what can he do to get the remaining three points? What can make him a perfect ten that is the only way I've ever found to get critical feedback on a person other than saying What are they bad at? Well, you know, they're pretty good or like that's what they'll always say Yeah, for sure because people like I said want to be polite and then people also Don't want to like lie It's on their own experience.

That is the best way I've ever found to get it. Love it Okay, you're good reference check question for that specific thing. Yeah, I know what it is and you should tell it I don't remember what because I've told the story once but I don't remember what it was Is the founder of second life told me once who you are who you want to be or oh this one. Yeah, this is a good one Yeah, you know, I love questions like this. I asked this in job interviews, but I also just asked this in social situations to be awkward Fillin I say hey, we're gonna play a little game.

I want you to fill in the blank first thing that comes to mind first answer best answer I'm gonna say the first part you finish it and I'll say Life is our list Allen. Let's play. All right, so Henry you have the mic. So let's play first answer best answer answer as you go life is People are I Am Yes, and then you use it to sort of have a little bit of a conversation you try not to judge people too much off the top of the mind But I actually just think this is useful for yourself.

So this is like your core outlook. It's like what's life? And you said life is great cool Optimistic sort of grateful person Then you said people are tough. That's interesting. Why do you say people are tough? Are you do you have a girlfriend? Are you guys at a good spot dealing with some stuff right now? You are? That's what I what's the situation where people have been tough tough to deal with? People are tough to persuade or tough to get on your on your page. That's a great question You totally have you like you can see what he Struggles with and values.

Yeah, and then the last one which is I am and you went with Henry Which is a very literal answer if you were gonna do another one. What would it be? I am? Okay, and then the second question I'll kind of ask is so so I've usually paused there I do the psychoanalysis and then a couple things happen people like oh, okay They just like want to leave because they feel so uncomfortable or they'll be like what are yours cool I like that. That's a good sign when you ask what are yours And then I'll tell them mine and then they'll do the same thing back to me And the last question is like I tell them I said, you know one thing I did was I did those answers top of mine And I didn't really like what I said and then I just reassessed it I was like, what do I think the answer should be for me? Like what do I want my answers to be? What do I want my outlook of life people and myself to be right? What do I want my mental model to be and then I revised it and then the best people come back a few days later and they're like hey by the way, I You know I came up with my own and here's mine and those are the people I'm like I'm gonna be friends with you for a long long time because you're like me you like to do this stuff Clip Cool, I think we're done by the way.

I got a call the The guy from levels I got to get my my glucose monitor installed for the weight loss challenge. Oh, okay We'll do an update on that. I didn't have to call them. I Think we're supposed to Huh, okay. Well, could you join me on this call call to share? Is that like a is there a button like a share button if there is Just do it. Let's help us get more listeners. Thank you. Yeah, tell a friend. Bye.


