---
description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvuNJCqoEvY
---

# The Entrepreneur Life Of Sam Parr & Shaan Puri | Mindset | My First Million Podcast - 04/09/2020

Date: 05/06/2020

Duration: 54 minutes, 36 seconds

Model: Whisper-small

What happened you've lost five million dollars? Another episode of the greatest podcast ever created my first million What's going on how are you I'm thriving I'm actually really hot in this room, but I'm thriving you want to talk about Andrew Wilkinson because I've been thinking about him a lot He's on your mind. You got a crush. It's he on your mind Yeah, I mean we did an episode with him. I thought it was great. I think he's great and The reaction was great. So that's triple great for my end. What's on your mind? I Just think he's great and say it like it's you.

I just think that he was smart Good attitude. I think that the reason I like talking to him is because I'm in San Francisco. There's this Constant mindset that I'm so thankful that I've surrounded myself with which is all these people who like have these ideas and some of them are really dumb ideas and they raise a lot of money for them and they become huge and Some of the dumb ideas become awesome and that's fantastic and a lot of the dumb ideas remain dumb and just a lot of money was wasted and There's just a lot of mentality things that are in San Francisco that I love But a lot of it has downsides that it's nice to hear something from Andrew who just totally does not do anything that I'm used to and I love it Yeah, I also like how he's kind of a one man crew like I know he obviously has CEOs for companies and sounds like he has a partner but Like I read his blog that's him writing when we're you know when we're talking on the phone the strategy is like He thought it was he's an original thinker.

So he basically decided how he wanted to live his life and then lived his life that way And his decision was his it was not like oh, I just chose of these five popular paths. I picked path four It's like not he picked path seven which was just a path that you know him and a few other people have made for themselves Yeah, I just always think it's great to hear from people Who do things totally different than what you think you should be doing and it's just nice to hear And just he has a fresh perspective and for those who don't know didn't listen didn't care The things in my opinion that he did differently sort of like, okay, where did he work? I'll say who Andrew is.

Oh, yeah so Andrew he owns this company called tiny if you go to tiny capital comm you could see it and He's trying to do this sort of Warren Buffett model where he buys What he thinks are wonderful businesses. He plans to hold them for a long time He has operators who run them and he has a holding company that owns all of them and sort of the net value is you know Over a hundred million dollars for these companies down He's he basically in the way that he financed it was he started an agency when he was 19 He's probably 33 34 now, right? And so that's like a little cash cow exactly so started that agency kind of in his parents basement type of thing Did that for many years like I don't know a decade or so and then I got it to the point where he had a bunch of free cash flows like okay, what do I do with this money and Decided to invest it buying business.

So what the way I think he's zigged when everyone else zagged was The Canada decision so contrary, you know, so conventional wisdom is you got to be in Silicon Valley You got to be New York LA wherever the hubs are and he was like no I'm gonna live where I want to live and I'm gonna take advantage of some of the arbitrage opportunities of You know, he charged San Francisco rates to his companies He was doing designs for but he paid his people You know local rates for doing the work that they were doing and so his agency was wildly profitable And that compounded over like a decade, which is great.

So Canada was one contrary decision. The other one was Buying businesses versus building them. So Building businesses very sexy heroic You're a genius your Steve Jobs By this buying, you know a business that does two million dollars in revenue and one million dollars of you Iida You don't get that same sort of props But his take was like I think that building is sort of fun and he still does it but Overrated and over indexed on versus buying where there's way more opportunities So I thought that was another one and I went to Canada. I went and hung out with him for a couple days We almost did business together and I was like, I can't find a flight to directly to Victoria So Andrew lives in Victoria, which is like a it feels like a small european town.

I don't know how many people live there. Maybe 300,000 maybe let maybe maybe last actually maybe 200,000 And I was like, I can't find a direct flight. He goes, it's okay. We'll get you up here and he chartered a jet for me Why there? And it was awesome. It was great. So I'm happy I'm friends with him For that reason alone. I'm happy I'm friends with him. Uh, yeah, he's gonna he was a good guy I think we should have him on the podcast like once a month at the minimum and He should just be a friend of the show Do you want to talk about something that is that I found on the internet that I think is I don't know if it's real or not Tell me more.

Okay. So There's this guy named Sam ovens. Have you heard of this person? You know, you had mentioned his name and I was like Sam ovens never heard of it Sounds like a fake name and then I googled him and I saw his face I was like, oh, I've seen this guy on my facebook feed. This guy advertises a lot So tell me about I don't know much about him. Tell me about him. Yeah, so the way it started was he's a New Zealand guy. He's maybe 30 years old and he Started what he claims is a consultant consulting business, which Basically, he would talk to small barbers or I don't know what type of small companies small local things that one and more leads And he would help them like optimize the L or something like that And I think that that was mildly successful and from there he goes, well, I'm just gonna teach other companies how to do this And so he created a course and he named it consulting calm and at this point now There's three courses.

So the first course is creating a consulting business, which is like you do stuff for local companies like Teachers how to be a consultant. Yeah, it teaches his course teaches you how to be a consultant and Obviously, that's like the model is you make more money teaching people and then actually doing the thing and so he It's cost two grand And he started making money off that then that teaches you how to go from zero to some sustainable business And then from there, there's a five thousand dollar course, which teaches you how to go from a 100 500 thousand dollar company to a Some million dollar company and then there's a higher end which is 50 grand and that teaches you how to go from 1 million to eight figures, right and His website like I don't know if this is like a get rich quick scheme Like I can't tell because it is so elaborate that it could be true But it seems so good to be true and he claims to do something like 50 or 60 million dollars a year in sales with 50% margin On his website is consulting calm.

Yeah great. Yeah, man Yeah, but like when you click through it it all seems so good to be true Like there's like video reviews and I am I know how to like hack that together Yeah, of course you can make something look totally legit in like six hours with two rebels But his stuff is so It's so elaborate. So if it is a scheme and then I looked at his class door reviews and like None it some some some sometimes I think this adds up to be legit or this adds up to where this is just a massive fraud Or scan it's very interesting And so he says on the website 20,000 active students So if we take the lowest paid plan that you mentioned two Two down That's 40 million a year of recurring revenue.

Well, no, it's not recurring. It's just a one time. Okay That's 40 million in sales, right not over not one and the sale is a digital course, correct? Yeah, so it could be very profitable minus ad spend right so maybe 60 percent margin or something like that Yeah, it's super interesting It's very interesting But like so you go from level one beginner level to master to level three god. Oh damn Don't you just want to spend that 50 grand to become a level three god? But it's so interesting because if you like if you had cashflow each year Like what's the amount of cash flow that you need each year to where you think that you don't like that? You couldn't spend that amount like 20 million dollars probably, right? Oh, yeah, I think that's high I don't think you'd spend more than five million dollars a year I think you'd spend more than five million dollars a year Net taxes like after taxes after taxes, yeah Maybe you could dude.

I think what's 200,000 dollars a month. That's a Three million dollars a year. I could spend three million dollars a year pretty easily doing what? I've got friends who live in Long Island. What would you do and they spend 80 grand a month? I mean, I would I would just have two huge houses and a full staff to take care of me Just handing my needs it would be a company, right? I would have a handful of cars and two A nice house and and then another house in the warm weather, right and I would fly private And you're still under the five million, right? That's 3.6

million that you said so I guess maybe maybe you need tana as a buffer I just think that you could do it. So you're saying this might be a tremendous business and it's a little The sketchy the body detectors go I wanted to know if you had ever heard of this or if the listeners have ever heard of this and if this is legit Some of our trend subscribers told me they subscribed to it and they're like I got I got a lot of value out of it Yeah, I would believe that so so I'll tell you kind of my closest experience with something like this So first of all, no, I've never heard of this and I don't know any Entrepreneurs in San Francisco where all my friends are from Uh that do anything like this, but that doesn't mean it's not valuable Um the closest thing I did to this was sort of going into the Tony Robbins pipeline and uh, so I I've had a bunch of times about Tony Robbins how great he is and blah blah blah.

I like him a lot I got a lot of value out of going to his workshop I was supposed to go with you and I bailed out because it freaked me out Yeah, and a lot of people get freaked out a lot of people's preconception is just this is like a cult this guy's a snake oil You know salesman or whatever Uh, yeah, like what am I getting myself into and I gotta admit like when I went there I was like, okay cool. I'm going but I'm not doing any of that dancing. Shit. I'm just uh, I'm just here for the information I'm gonna sit down.

I'm gonna be quiet. I'm not gonna yell. I'm not gonna hug. I'm not gonna dance And you and your friends sat separately so you wouldn't be embarrassed if you didn't I'm one with my brother in law and we just agreed beforehand. We're like, yo We might end up doing the dancing shit. So you sit on that side of the room. I'm sitting on this side of the room And uh, let's see we didn't see each other except for at the end of the night when the the event would end each day And we would get back together, but anyways by you know hour one I'm dancing and doing all the good stuff too.

Uh, but anyways, it was a lot of value You know it cost me like a thousand bucks to go to this thing Um, I thought it was tremendous and then in the thing like he up spells just like this guy does right? So he's like, you know, one of the first kind of um I don't know coaches lifestyle coaches business coaches out there and he's been doing this for 40 years now So he went from audio tapes to books to infomercials now the internet like whatever the channel was He wrote it and was like, I'm the business coach.

I'm the lifestyle coach and uh, you know I got a lot of value and at one point he up sells his business mastery class or his business mastery thing It's like, okay, if you like this if you like how you're feeling right now and right after he makes you feel great Um, he's like, you know That table over there is for anybody who wants to grow their business. It's $10,000 You spend five days with me and if you don't get a million dollars of value from this thing I will give you all your money back And uh in the moment I was like, dude, I got a million dollars of value today You know, of course I would do that.

So I didn't actually sign up for it But our buddy C. Ava did and went to he did I believe so I believe so and so, uh, you know, sorry C. Ava if I got that wrong, but I pretty sure he told me he did Um, and I have several friends who actually did it as well and they said they're like, yeah, it's great And if you have a business that's doing, you know, if you have a business your size, right? Your businesses were tens of millions of dollars Um, if you can get a sort of 2 percent 3 percent 5 percent lift In your business just through improving your own psychology your own enthusiasm your own tactics Uh, it's obviously paid itself off, right? So how does the infrastructure of this work? Like I'm looking at it now Does you does tony robbins literally have to be at all the things? No, so well, he does his live events.

Yes. So he's the traveling salesman that does the live events And he probably does. I don't know I'm gonna get it wrong But like let's call it 20 to 40 live events a year a lot. That's hard work a lot You know every week he every week or two. He's somewhere and um, then he has his sort of like army of like coaches that are trained under him By the way, they all seemed garbage Um, and so he has this, you know, the people who are the actual coaches that will call you and do all this other stuff with you Uh, they are, uh, you know, like there's like a fleet of them.

I don't know 100 of 100 people that And just do the coaching for structures garbage. Those people are garbage when I met them I was not impressed in fact on the days so tony robbins gonna do this for 40 years to the point where he's been public speaking on stages Hyping crowds up for like 40 years, right? So he can't actually do two days back to back So he does day one and he goes from 8 a.m. till 1 a.m. And there's no breaks You can go to the bathroom, but you're missing the action when you go and just talk in the whole time He's on stage.

He's talking and he's got 10,000 people in an audience. I've been twice now Um, actually I've been three times that so I should I should correct that so the first time I was just experiencing it the second two times I was observing it because I took a fleet of friends I bought tickets for my family and friends. I was like, this is the best gift I can give you and they loved it most of them and um So anyways, he holds people's attention for like 14 hours straight, which is incredible Uh, you know, you can't most people can't you know, listen to a six minute youtube video and have their attention held But then the second day it's not him on stage because his vocal cords are shredded So he can't speak the next day and this like his number two comes up and this guy's a good public speaker But he's like it's like Michael Jordan and then you go down to bj Armstrong and it's like oh Now I came here to Michael Jordan and so literally this guy just he says stuff and then he teased up a video of tony talking 10 years ago when he used to do this Like he used to do all four days himself.

Oh my god He cues up the the video of tony and you sit there and you're watching youtube videos with 10,000 other people And this guy's just moderating it. It's like this bizarre experience That's crazy. I didn't really sell it very well, but I'll tell you this uh, that was probably the best The best money I've ever spent on anything self improvement wise if you add up all the books or anything else It's not even close. Maybe I should do it You should you should totally do it. Um, I took about 20 people. So I paid for 20 people's tickets to go So you paid 20 grand.

Yeah, I basically became an affiliate for him. Uh, I didn't get paid. I just I believed in it so much. I paid for 20 other people to go and uh since then and they spent four years since then and um Of them, I would say Four people were like me where they were like, uh, holy shit life changed. That was the most valuable thing So four out of 20, let's say and then uh, another let's call it. I don't know 15 were kind of like that was amazing and I talked to them a year later and they're like Disappointed in themselves that they didn't carry it forward.

They're like, god, it was so good And I had so much clarity and I had so much energy, but I'm kind of mad at myself I just kind of let it fade from there. Like I don't really remember it now I just remember what I felt then and uh, yeah, I guess I didn't really get too much value because I'm not doing any of the things I wanted to do You know after that weekend and then there's three or four people that literally left They were like, this is way too culty. This is pop science.

I don't like this. I don't believe this I don't like how he's manipulating everybody. I'm out and I was like, okay, that's the spectrum Anyone I know Um, Alex from calm the founder of calm he hated it and so he just went for a bike ride I think in the middle of one of the days Because he was like, it's just too much for me He's like, I didn't I didn't feel good in what was going on And so I left I rode my bike around the city and I had fun doing that And then what uh, what was the number one takeaway? For me Oh, dude, I have a notepad full that I call the bible because I was like, this is the closest thing that I have to religion Right.

It's like religion in as many ways. Oh my god Religion is like an operating philosophy for life. Right. That's what that's what people use religion for in many ways Like, you know, don't harm your neighbor, blah, blah, blah. Like it's an operating philosophy So this was an operating philosophy. So I'll give you two of the nuggets, right? So the first one is Um, the quality of your life is equal to the quality of the emotions you have on a day to day basis So what does that mean? It's kind of a mouthful. But like we're both in a good position We're very privileged or more successful than we ever thought we would be seven years ago Probably like the position we're in now seven years ago us would have been envious of that Um, but your happiness is not like 10 times more than it was seven years ago, right? Like you're probably feeling about the same and the reason why is that you know life is not about uh, you know What you have and what you've achieved.

It's about who you've become and so what most people um What most people miss is that if you are doesn't matter if you're rich doesn't matter if you're family doesn't matter if you have You know, uh, if you're famous If the emotions that you're feeling on a day to day basis are stressed then you have a shitty quality of life If you're feeling anger or upset then you have a shitty quality of life regardless of everything else And so then the question is how do you figure out how to like change your emotions on a day to day basis? So you're feeling good every day regardless of your situation and Uh, so like so he gives you three things three like tools like all right.

Here's the three ways you can change how you feel The very first thing is your body is physical So if you change your uh, if you have a radical change in your physiology calls it which basically means If you did a bunch of push ups if you exercised if you ran if you uh jumped into a cold pool Or or why people like taking hot showers is to relax the fastest way to change how you feel is to physically change your body and in fact, um Um, Emmett who's the CEO of twitch was telling me this the other day or he was kind of talking about this on twitter.

Um People have panic attacks and uh, when you have a panic attacks really uncomfortable feeling and most people have panic attacks Really want a solution of like how do I not get these any I take medicine And so some people take medicine and that's one way to change your physiology is chemically changing your physiology um, well, most people try to do is like Uh, people try to help people think their way out of it. They're like, oh just no, don't be so anxious and you need to just relax I'm like as if that can help.

Um, that's like, you know, that's if that was that easy. Yeah, we would all do it Um, and actually what science has shown is that the fastest most effective kind of quick and dirty way to stop a panic attack Is to uh, plunge your face into Really cold water If you do that right at the start of panic attack, it will stop it because your fight or flight will kick in and it'll override that And so one time one time I accidentally ate brownies that my roommate made and they turned out to be edible brownies And I don't smoke weed and I hate weed so much Like I don't do any of that and I ate a lot of brownies and I was like james.

I'm flipping out and he goes Yeah, I'm sorry. Those were weed brownies and I I started having a panic attack and I went and got in a cold shower and that was the only thing that helped Oh nice. Okay. Yeah. So that's fastest way to change the way you feel is your body Either through heat cold or getting your heart rate up and exercising Um, and it doesn't be like go go to the gym It can be like if you did 10 jumping jacks, you will feel different than you did right before that The second one is focus.

So what are you going to focus on? um, so so you uh, you know, where you place your focus is going to judge how what your brain is uh What your brain is basically signaling to your body of how to feel so if you're focused on pain Then you're going to feel shitty if you focused on how somebody did you wrong how this guy cuts you off in traffic You're going to get outraged but if you focus on things you're grateful for if you focus on things are going well if you focus on things that are That you can trust that you can rely on you'll feel different.

Um, and then the last one is um I think it's like language. It's a language or story Which basically the words you use and the story you tell yourself the big the big idea and I recommend this to anybody who's in business which is The quality of your results is linked to your quality of your decisions And the quality of your decisions is linked to the quality of the internal monologue you have So the conversation you have with yourself ends up dictating the decisions you make which ends up dictating the results you get And that's kind of what I pulled away from the whole thing and then it's a whole bunch of strategies to do that better I think you just saved me a thousand dollars Well, you got to get up and dance otherwise it doesn't stay this is awesome.

I like learning about this Yeah, I always hesitate to talk about it because it's like kind of preachy but I think it helps some people it's never preachy when you can make fun of it So like you you do a good job of making fun of something and then you explain what it is. So that's never preachy Okay, sounds good. Um, all right. Let's do let's do a little different. Let's do uh, we started this joking segment called the billionaire of the week Billy of the week and um, I think we should actually continue it.

I loved it. I uh, your guy Xavier Neil I went and look you talked about him two weeks ago and I went and read all about him He mostly speaks French and all of his talks on youtube. So it was kind of hard to You had to read along He's badass. I love that guy Okay, and you had one that you were thinking about who who's the billionaire of the week? Yeah, let me pull out my note So his name is Michael lobe. Have you heard of him? I had not Okay, so Michael lobe In the 90s.

I'm pulling up my notes He started this thing called synapse group and basically what they did was this was before Um, a lot of things were popular on the internet and so they Patented I don't know how they did this. There must have been something unique about it, but they patented uh, the online subscription model I don't yeah, I don't know like how that there's some really nitty gritty things that are a little bit beyond what I'm able to understand But hold on. They made money off that patent or they just patented but everybody does it Well, so they they just created a unique way to do it and I think I don't know exactly how it worked But basically time magazine Meredith which is a huge magazine publisher all these magazine publishers would pay them money To get them more subscriptions because this way in which they were able to get people to renew subscriptions must have been fantastic And it worked really well.

I don't understand how it worked then basically what it seems now is like a really robust affiliate network So like Meredith will cross sell Meredith, which is a three billion dollar company based out of Minnesota I believe bought the company synapse for a lot of money and they deployed it across all their brands so It's kind of He made it big through the synapse group, which was a magazine subscription thing Yeah, it definitely made him wealthy. He didn't make him a billionaire, but it made him He definitely got wealthy what made him really wealthy was with his co founder of synapse He went and started price line and price line eventually.

I think are they are they owned by xpedia? Are they their own thing? Uh, I'm not sure Owner let's just check it out booking booking. Hold booking. So now it's just a huge You know huge thing. So that that made them very wealthy, but what's interesting is after that he started um like The what used to be part of just like a rich entrepreneurs playground where they just launched companies, right? And it's called lobe and lobe dot nyc and they've started a whole bunch of companies Um, including a company called. Uh, I believe it's called script relief.

Do you know what that is? No So what you do is you go to it? They started companies Like or they used to they used to own script relief and then they renamed it to something else But basically what you do is you go to the website and you can get discounts off of your pharmaceutical drugs and so like if you want to buy If you have xanax or some type of acne medicine or something like that Somehow they they get they get access to these deals and you use that coupon code at cbs and you get a discount and It's paid for sending cbs business They made that business.

Uh, we talked about on the podcast called. Oh, thanks. Uh, the b2b gifting thing It looks like it's in there And he owns a lot of them and a business like script relief was making something like a hundred million dollars a year in profit Um, and so some of his companies are really big now. Here's another reason why he's interesting Do you ever watch the tv show billions? Yeah, love it. You know the house that bobby axelrod bought Okay, yes, that's his house. That's michael lobe's house. Oh, wow, okay, and baller last year or two years ago michael lobe had a big party like a fundraiser like a sophisticated thing And his son brought some friends along and some of the 18 year old friends got drunk and started pissing on the front You on and just looking like a fool and so lobe punched one of the kids in the nose and broke his nose and might go to jail for it He he just punched this kid one time, but he hurt him pretty bad He's gonna go to jail for just that They're they're trying to get him to go to jail for that I mean, that's a salt if you if you hurt someone you can definitely If you weren't a billionaire, you definitely could go to jail for that.

I they're trying to get him to go to jail I have a feeling he's just gonna write a fat check. I mean, yeah, the kid was probably just a rich snobby So where'd you see this scripts thing? It's not even on their website. I talked to people who work there Ah Sam doing his thing and best of get a journalist sam. I like it I just talked to people who work there. So if you google and let's see michael lobe Uh, uh google michael lobe's script relief It's it's on his linkedin Yeah, I see it now It's renamed something else.

So do you say what it's renamed to? I'm checking but you know, it's logging into linkedin is like, you know taking the first 10 steps into hell. So I'm gonna try this now Uh Script relief was recently sold to united healthcare over 5 million users Yeah, so it was sold to someone else and now it's called something else um But he just has like a web of companies and it's just super interesting because uh, this is gonna sound weird When you look at this guy, do you do you think this guy looks like a billionaire? Does this guy look like a successful guy? No, that's why he doesn't seem to me.

He looks like a guy who would punch a kid in the face Yeah, he looks like a guy who's like bitter About his life and punch the kid in the face for that reason not punch the kid in the face because he's a billionaire And the kid pissed in his pool No, oh, he looks like he would be punching kids in the face regardless of what his financial status was That's why he's interesting to me. So I have such a look at his mugshot google his name Like he looks like he looks like Uh He looks like a tough guy.

Yeah, he looks. Yeah, he looks like a tough guy He looks like an enforcer that a billionaire would have he's a billionaire. He looks like a billionaire is an enforcer Yeah, that's why I think this person's interesting because oh dang they have a picture of the kid who he punched in the face Yeah, he's fucking up He broke his nose Oh, man, I did not expect to just see those two side by side. That's you know, this is quality This is quality google image searching. It's good, right? And look at that kid. He definitely has a punchable face Yeah, well the kid looks like he did something.

He's even he's like kind of smug in the picture He's got a broken nose. He's in the hospital his shirt's covered in blood. He's got a little smirk on him. Yeah Super interesting person, right? Yes, okay. I like this guy. I I never even heard of this guy I feel like you know a bunch of these guys that are like the Either media titans or like these other like new york, you know, new york rich people I only know like san francisco or like jubai rich people I know them because I spend time on wikipedia because my way of building businesses is I'd like to see what has worked and I I reverse engineer how it worked and I I'm like, all right.

I'm gonna deploy that on my company Right. And when I'm reverse engineering things, I'll like read about the company, right? Well, now see who started it and I'm like, oh wait that guy started it Oh, but he was friends with this person and they partnered previously. I bet he had access to that's probably how So like I like under so I just like reverse engineer things Yeah, I like that and then you call people which most people don't do you get on the phone? You start calling people work at the company and you get that extra 10% that you needed right to get that So helps because oh, I've made friends with someone who started his thing.

So now if I want to meet him, I have it in right So, okay, so I have another example of what you just said I was going to save this guy for next week, but we're going to do a double billionaire of the week So we're doing a double billy special Get get your get your billies right now Richard Burton. Okay. So have you heard of this guy Richard Burton? Is it Burton's billboards? No So this guy started a couple of different companies. So just if you just google Richard Burton I did earlier and nothing came up Uh, did I Am I saying his name wrong? I think you got it wrong because I did Richard.

Okay. He Barton. Sorry Barton not Burton. Okay. So Richard Barton. So this guy started Zillow. He also started one of your favorite sites glass door Um, he also started he has three. So he has Zillow. He has glass door and what's his other one? I was gonna research this for next week. So we're just gonna do this live here. Uh, and he did Expedia. He did Expedia Board of Directors on Netflix. He did Expedia Zillow in glass door. What a fucking baller Oh, okay. Expedia Yeah, so okay. So how did this happen? So I listened to this interview with this guy like five years ago Before this podcast even started before this podcast was even a little, you know, sperm in my balls And when I when I Looked at this guy the one thing that stood out to me was he had a very simple thesis that he used to start all these companies Which was information wants to be free So, okay, what does information wants to be free me? So he was basically like I'm gonna bring transparency to industries that are not transparent And so he's you know, let's take Zillow for example before Zillow and the sort of online house How search companies existed like Trulia and all this redfin stuff like that The MLS listings were something that only the agents and brokers had access to and so this is they were gatekeepers They were like, oh, you want to know what's on the market? Let me literally print out the MLS papers and I'll show you the show you these and I'll tour you through these companies That's so great line dude information that one information once you got information wants to be free And so then he did the same thing in travel, right? We had travel agents who were the brokers who you had to call and be like Hey, I'd like to get a flight and I don't want to pay too much and that you just trust that hopefully this agent is Gonna do gonna do their job.

They're gonna know all the different options different times different airports And they're gonna find me something that fits my needs And Expedia was just a search bar that would just tell you here's all the flights you decide Here's the information you don't need to go to a travel agent anymore And glass doors the same thing you wanted to know what's it really like to work there? And employers have no desire to put that out there They don't want anybody to know any of the bad things that happen in the working environment of the company And employees were often scared to do it because they would sign things.

That would be like, you know, non disclosure Whatever non slander forgot what the term for it is non disparagement And so glass door was unleashing the information about what's it like to work at x company? And so I love how this guy literally on one thesis has started three multi billion dollar companies Um off that one premise and so that was when I when I did what you were talking about I reverse engineered. How did this guy do it? It wasn't oh, how did he build Expedia? How did he build Zilla? It was how did he even get this idea? Oh, okay.

What other industries today lack transparency where I can open them up? Okay, what are they? Oh, dude. Well, if now that's a billion dollar idea I need to have Let's think of some one of them is um pricing for enterprise software Right what they do They find out how much money your company makes and then they go, okay, we're gonna charge you this right? I like that. I like that a lot like I hate that call for pricing Model, I mean, I hate it, but it works. We do it. Um So Angel list did this in a way as well when you were able to figure out Who's invested in what that used to be like sort of not easy to find information It wasn't sort of like totally guarded But I'm literally just looking at the tabs that I have open right like Yale.

Yelp was something like that too You know, how was it? What is like to eat there the review system? It Organized and made public information that people wanted that was not super transparent before this Yeah, I mean housing he did that there's a lot like just there's so many good ones. Um salaries he did that with glass door Those last door do salaries? Yeah, so there's there's one that I use that's in the tech world called levels I think we talked about it once before but they do it where with just the like kind of tech companies It's like what do people at tech companies make and a lot of people are been doing this on Inside companies so inside Microsoft for example, they created an anonymous google doc Where you could just put your level your job category like engineer or designer product person whatever and And your salary and your pay and then that's that yeah, I can figure out am I underpaid but but this was even in Like more specific.

It was like in a company. These are people now like and it's not just glass door It's like just a few who? kind of go and post this stuff but They're getting like these these companies are having these like really rich documents with thousands of people contributing and and right now Those are just excel docs. I wonder if you could take the Just a salary component of maybe what's in glass door and do it in a better way Inside companies so people make sure they're not getting the short end to stick within their own company right now That's interesting.

Um Another one is freelancers Um So that's just what freelancers and agencies so the problem with a lot of this stuff is When we're trying to get people to do this stuff, you know, this stuff is when we're trying to hire some agencies to WordPress development I have to back channel and go find out from People who work with them what they were like because once I sign up to an agree with them I can't I won't find out unless I'm on a weekend if they suck or not, right? And it's like, oh my god, I can't believe that I can't believe I'm and that's the same thing with like payroll software too Like gusto looks good, but when you sign up to it, you don't realize like what you like and what you don't like about it So we have a couple friends who are doing things that are trying to Um, put up, you know, they're trying to make information come free of what software do companies use So like a lot of people would want to know what does the hustle use? What do you guys use to send email? What do you guys use for analytics? What do you guys use for your paywall? What do you use for trends? and Like I know Ryan at product hunt.

They're doing this with something called stacks or your stacks And uh, they want to know what's your software stack that your company runs on and it's an interesting idea Like he's designing it kind of like a social network, but the value in the end if you did if you get there is Oh, cool. I can now go see. Okay. If I'm building an Airbnb type company. What do they use to run their company? What are they using? Do you think that that is not working? Well, it's really tough to build right? This is one of those things where Really valuable if you get there really tough to get the information in because you have to get the incentives, right? Later on you have the incentive to come to the site because you want to see what other people use But what's the incentive to post and so he's trying to make it fun and interesting and cool to post? By making it like very visual like sort of like you had it doing that a profile for your company, right? Like like yeah, we use this stuff and so I don't know the numbers on how it's doing But I do think it's an interesting experiment and I think if they did it It would be the most valuable thing that product hunt has built because it's uh, it's just inherently extremely There's a great business model on top of that if you can show what software people use.

That's cool. I agree um That's interesting I love this idea of information needs or information wants to be free. Yeah, let's think more about that so I think we'll come back with an example of information today that is either behind a walled garden or it's incomplete and Uh, if you set it free it would make people make better choices or save the money or whatever it is Like maybe it's something of insurance space. Maybe it's I don't know exactly what but I'm gonna think about this because I think This is a formula for building really big companies.

Yeah for me. It's how much things costs like uh, like Freelancers and and lawyers and things like that. That's that's always bothered me I don't like I like my lawyer could be like yeah, we charge $700 an hour and when I was first getting going I was like, I have no idea. Is that normal? Right and on the other side it's also how much companies make right like you love it when you hear that a company's public Or it's a nonprofit because you're like, yes, I'm gonna get to their financials because they have to report But you know, we definitely pitchbook For private companies Yeah, well and they do it in a really interesting way and they're owned by a publicly traded company They do about 120 million dollars a year in revenue What they do is like 25 grand for a pitch book subscription, right? Really expensive and they do about 120.

They're owned by Is it called morning star? Or it's a company right? I think it is morning star or morning star is like the mutual fund thing It's yeah, it's owned by one of those things and I just read their Their earnings thing. Um morning star. It is morning star and they are the mutual fund thing too and they uh What they do is they do a bunch of different things The first thing that they do is they crawl the web and they find SEC documents and they find like all type they just crawl and find data And they have a team of like 300 people who just hit the phones all day and call people and get the information All right And then the other one that's like that is you know, even for podcasts when we look at the top charts And we're like, all right, how do we become the number one business podcast? We don't know how much We don't have any downloads they get right? There's this idea of how much something how much is being earned How much is something making and how much does something cost? I think that just generally would apply to a whole bunch of different spaces that you can you can use for this Yeah, that's why I use a similar web because they show me how much like traffic they guess traffic One of the dope ones of this.

Do you use second measure? Yeah, they're great. They're great. I think they're a little bit expensive. I know they are Yeah, if you don't know what they are so second measure takes credit card spending data and um Can tell you essentially like how much money something is making just by analyzing how many people are charging Spotify per month and then they're like, okay cool, right? Imagine Spotify was not public company You'd be able to see here's how much revenue that they're making or they do this with like the delivery companies Which delivery companies winning well, they can just check this huge data set of credit card spending and say, okay It looks like grub hubs in the lead and then second is door dash or whatever And so second measure is super powerful using a source of truth, which is credit card data I don't know how they get out of it.

We talk about this stuff All I want to do is like end the podcast and make my days 50 hours long and just start searching everything This whole this whole data or make information or find information wants to be free that whole concept. That's amazing That's the test. I want people to listen to this podcast and be So excited and then I want you to feel anxious I want you to feel stressed that you don't have 50 hours in your day to go do this and uh, that's that's how this should feel I've heard once people say like yeah, I have to keep pausing the podcast to like a write it down B.

Take a breath. C. Think of think about what's going on and then I resume it and uh, yeah, that's what we want Is that that high value? Uh, you want to talk about one more thing? Yeah, which one you look at the list. Tell me which one you want to do What happened? You've lost five million dollars All right, I didn't exactly lose five million dollars But I Did not make the five million dollars that I could have made. All right. So this is called Sean's shitty investments. This is a new segment we created just now And I'll tell you about two bad investments and one good investment.

I made so Uh, I was talking to a friend of mine a guy who had been I didn't advising this guy about his startup This is maybe four or five years ago. I've been advising him. He didn't live in America He was building a product for international his product was around international students applying to us universities And uh making it easy if you don't know if you live overseas like I I finished high school in china So I saw this firsthand if you're in china, you're in india. You're in malaysia The goal like your life goal is to go to a us university Don't even matter if it's a good one, but it is to go to a us university and us universities overcharge for for that and um and they get in trouble for that too sometimes Yeah, it actually right now there's a bunch of stuff in the news because they charge like three times more for international students State is in trouble because they have like 60 percent chinese Uh nationals there and they're like right the fuck you guys are charging 60 grand for these kids.

Exactly. So um So anyways, I was helping this guy great founder really like the company was really interested But I was at a point at that time financially where I was like, okay If I'm investing in startups, it's a pretty irresponsible investment because you know when you invest in startups High likelihood of failure. So you need to place like 25 30 bets And so if you say, okay, I'm gonna place, you know 25 30 bets and each bet's gonna be 25 grand Like I'm basically I need to have 500 000. I need to have 750 000 dollars Uh that I'm gonna put into this which means that can't be like your whole net worth Which is like this would that would have been more 75 750 grand at that time would have been more than my whole network And so I knew I didn't have the the sort of uh bankroll to do it But that was an excuse I could have found a way I could have wrote the check anyways I could have banked on myself making more in the future like I did and The bottom line is I didn't so I would have been the first check into this guy's company and my sort of $25 000 check which I was very very close to writing would have become $5 million stake in this guy's business by now What's the name of the company? I don't know if I should say the name and how big is it now? I'll just tell you the name.

We'll bleep it out so it's called a and so he told me uh that they just crossed, you know the billion dollar valuation and um And so I don't know if they're exactly at that. I don't know if they're a little over a little under but the point is they're they're doing well and um, and so yeah, I was kicking myself because that would have been a Big investment. This has happened to me This has happened to me now two different times where I could have I could have been one of the angel checks into a business I thought it was a good business.

I didn't pull the trigger and uh, those two would have combined to be worth, you know $10 million plus by now. What was the other one calm? Yeah Uh, so this company this um studying a broad company there, uh, do they make a lot of revenue or is it just yeah revenue? And even then uh, like this was they were pre revenue at the time, but I was doing the math and I was like wait like they had a Lo I signed by a bunch of universities and I was like wait, so if they just matched supply and demand like this thing's gonna make money But didn't have enough conviction and is it just a legion site? No, no, no, it's a full software tool that let that actually does the application for the students And the university pays money.

Oh, so it's a SaaS company It's a free SaaS tool for the user and then it's a lead gen on the other side where when a kid gets accepted they get paid that way Got it and they charge the university's money. Yeah, like thousands of dollars per student Got it. So okay, so they don't charge them money for the software No, the software is used by the actual student and customer So anyways, it was a it's a great business big miss on my part. Happy for the guy though. He's an awesome guy and I really I like this guy's energy a lot.

I kind of sometimes you meet people who just have good energy I don't know how to describe it, but he was one of those people so and you lost on again on MGM Uh, no not again. So basically I haven't talked about this on the podcast, but I uh during covid I decided to to mess around with option trading which you know famous like Words and uh, so I was literally this is how dumb I am right? So, uh, so I don't play in the finite public markets that much. I just do very simple things I just buy companies.

I think are good for the next 10 years or buy index funds. Um, I don't do a whole I don't do like day trading. I don't do you know, leverage buying or leverage. I don't do shorts Uh, but I was like, you know what? Uh, I don't see any way that MGM, uh, which is MGM resorts I was like, I don't see any way that their business doesn't go down but this kind of I was like, I don't see any way that their business doesn't go down but this covid thing and uh, so I was thinking about it and It got cut by like 75 percent.

So the stock price dropped from I don't know. It was like 25 dropped from 30 down to like 12 and um And I was like, yeah, I still think that this thing is going to go down And so I'm literally on one tab. I have like a con academy video of like what the hell is it put and on the other hand I've got my robin hood account and I'm like just pushing buttons and uh, so I pushed a bunch of buttons and I placed this trade which basically said, okay, I think MGM is gonna go down and um, Yeah, I've about $2,000 worth of options and like let's see what happens And it turns out MGM did go down but I needed it once I understood my own trade, which was like after I placed it Because I was again just pushing buttons Um, when I was looking at the like confirmation.

I was like, oh, shit. This is a horrible trade like I I just basically said that this is gonna go down 40 percent in the next seven days. I was like What is the how much did you lose? It's too grand So I was like, what a stupid bet So that's my bad the two bad investments that I wanted to share on the other side I bet really big into bitcoin when it dropped to like, uh, 4500 recently and now it's back up So that one made back the money from for the my shitty option trading in space.

I I completely stay away from Stocks I only buy smp 500 or facebook stock and about two weeks ago when it was at the bottom I was like Facebook. I was like, well, no when the whole market was Real low like the lowest point maybe 10 or two weeks ago I sold most everything and I was like I was like, I think it's just gonna get worse and worse and worse because unemployment and unemployment comes out and it's the highest it's ever been and or the unemployment Work claims and then the stock market goes up 20 percent.

I like I just don't understand how this I don't understand how this works at all because and then I applied for the loan for for that trump enacted and I'm like, so you're telling me we get free money That sounds great, but you when you start thinking about it, you're like, I'm gonna pay for this eventually Like somehow I'm there's no such thing as free or we're gonna pay for it eventually and so this money it's just this whole situation it doesn't make sense to me because The stock market should be going down. Yeah, and it will.

This is uh, This is a sort of a dead cat bounce or like sort of a false rally But forgetting forgetting the market right now because I don't know shit about it and who also who cares not that interesting It's a speculator game The there's a phrase I learned that I thought was pretty cool. It's called a kinsien beauty contest Do you know what a kinsien beauty contest is? Okay, so have you ever heard of that sort of economists? I don't know if there's real names like major John Maynard Keynes or whatever. Um, anyways, he's the famous guy in the world of economics kinsien economics and a kinsien beauty beauty contest describes this phenomenon where Let's say there's a note.

What you think the stock market should be is here's the asset Here's a company you could buy some of their stock And you buy it if you think that the companies are gonna become more valuable than it's priced at today That's what we think should be happening But what's actually happening is this is a speculator market, right? It's a speculation driven market And so you don't and in a short time horizon you don't you're not betting that the company is going to Uh improve and actually generate more revenue and whatnot. You're just betting that other people are going to think this is more attractive But they're also betting that other people are going to think it's more attractive So it's a kinsien beauty contest is where you're not actually judging the beauty of it.

You are thinking what the other Judges would think about this thing and they're thinking about what the other judges think about this thing and it becomes a sort of speculative loop And that's my sort of Wikipedia page of the week That's exactly how things are working and it just annoys me so much You have so much more control over your life when you actually run the business Right and there's also a great phrase which is sort of in the short term the stock market is a popularity contest and in the long term it's a weighing machine and Um, I think that really describes it well, right? So like is this also for private companies as well And when you're when you're raising a series in your hyped company It's a popularity contest and when people are like, how did this valuation that doesn't make any sense It's like, yeah, it makes sense if you if you understand that this is currently a popularity contest But over the long haul it does not remain a popularity contest It becomes a weighing machine and if you're full of air and there's nothing there like your value will go down And so for all those people who don't understand those valuations, uh That's why it's frustrating.

I'm just so I don't I don't do anything in that world because it's just not I don't know anything about it. I don't want to know like it makes me too angry Okay, cool. Uh, do you want to squeeze anything else in or you want to we can wrap it tell people about the other podcast you guys are doing Yeah, we just launched one with moise ali, which you should go on it. Sean. Um, I had a I went on it to help moise Uh interview better, but it's called exit strategy. So moise started this company called native and he started it Me and moise started our companies in the same name office.

And so I saw him start it from nothing I saw him get the idea and start this thing and he started this deodorant company called native and 20 months after starting it. He sold it for a hundred million dollars in cash or maybe 28 months months and so he decided to launch a podcast because He is looking for a new project where he's interviewing other d2c founders and he's talking about scaling and selling their companies It's called exit strategy to google the hustle exit strategy or just looking up on the Spotify or podcast or you'll see it.

Yeah, I started listening to it. Um, I'm like five minutes in but uh, so far so good We'll see how good crazy I told my feedback to him was Uh, for the next episodes Be can lean into being crazy. Don't hold back. Yeah, that would be my advice as well, which is um, don't I think when you're when you're a really interesting person and actually your opinions are more interesting than your questions in many ways. Um, You need to make it a conversation a debate more than a interview because I think what's gonna end up happening Is that moist is going to be end up being more interesting than most of his guests? And so what he should do to raise both people's levels is for him to just Act how he would normally act in a conversation with that person Does anyone rather than he like he says the craziest stuff ever and he's a great guy, but he's a loose cannon and I love that about him So I need him to remain as a loose cannon Right, so check it out exit strategy.

Uh, we want the the podcast family to get bigger stronger better every bad ass entrepreneur who wants a podcast needs to go to the hustle and Push a button and start their podcast with the hustle, but like it should be badass interesting entrepreneurs not You know sort of George moff. I want to start a podcast. Yeah, that podcast should be the least interesting thing you've ever done In your career. Yeah, we want experts. We want experts who are charismatic not charismatic people who hope to be experts right And also not experts who are not charismatic because nobody wants that either.

Yeah, but yeah, so that's out. Um, and uh Yeah, and keep leaving reviews. I read all the reviews everyone keeps yelling at me because they say my mic sucks I so I ordered a new one, but everything's back ordered when I have a new mic coming Amazon doesn't know essential. The essentials are micro. All right, let's read one review. Let's do a reviewer of the week Let's give somebody a shout here. So I'm gonna scan these for one second Okay, so uh three stars. Sam could learn how to talk into a mic, but both these guys are very knowledgeable and give investing a fresh young spin I've been listening just since it was just Sean spelled my name wrong And loved it, but when sam came on it became different sam gets excited his voice pops into the mic.

Yeah, but come on. That's the excitement Um, sam should listen to the podcast not gonna do it That's to listen to yourself You can tell Sean speaks softer Sean misspelled again and tries to get sam to quiet down, but it's not working. That's not true I do not try to get him Um, okay, let's let let's look at another below low review. I think these are more interesting than the high reviews Although I want the high reviews, but let's just do it. Well, we have like 800 reviews and almost all our five stars The only ones that aren't five stars are the people who cost unethical, which is bullshit the people who say that Uh, my mic sucks, which is bullshit and the people who just cost bros also bullshit Well, no, that's not bullshit.

I am a bro means a man. Yeah, that's that's me All right, cs value says very smart guys would not recommend hell of a title for review And so these guys are very smart and you'll certainly learn to think or two about making money by listening to this podcast That said it's not worth the subtle recalibration of your moral compass. I don't know that's a decision for each listener to decide Okay, so then they say, uh, these are not high integrity people. Here's their examples of why we're not high integrity We asked people to sub and ud sub to gain the podcast algorithm.

Give me a break. Yeah, thank joke Um laughing about lying on a job application and getting caught. I didn't laugh because I thought it was good I laughed because that's the way you deal with heartache I laughed to cover the pain. Don't you understand? Yeah, like I said how I I I said how that was a horrible move and I got what I deserved right Casually dismissing a host's criminal record a host That was me. Yeah, no one dismissed my criminal record. They said it's stupid. I shouldn't have done it and that's why I changed my lifestyle Gotcha.

These guys are definitely sharp guys. I couldn't hustling hacking and scheming, but this is not content I would recommend anyone putting to their brain. You know what? Fuck them. If that doesn't make people want to listen to this more. I don't know what will That's there's our clip for instagram I like are you looking around like are we still in the studio and we have our staff to like clip it It's just your wife behind you Okay, cool. Let's get out of here. We'll be back Tuesday and uh, yeah, see you enjoy share the pod


