---
description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAYDjZABHrA
---

# This Entrepreneur Makes $100M+ With A Portfolio Of 10 Businesses

Date: 06/28/2022

Duration: 1 hours, 1 minutes, 3 seconds

Model: Whisper-small

You own a holdco, I think Girdly Enterprises is the name of it. Within it, you have a bunch of different things. So you own stuff as funky as like a fireworks company called Alamo Fireworks. You own like a software rollup called Dura Software. You have like a coffee chain, I think. Is that right? You have like a drive through coffee chain that's got like three or four locations or something like that. And then you incubate a couple projects, one of which I used actually recently. Michael, what up dog? Sean, where are you? You're in Tahoe? I'm in Lake Tahoe, yeah.

How is it? It's amazing. Yeah, this place is great. Is it just a getaway from crypto? No, it was a Father's Day trip. So, you know, came out here. I live with my wife's family and yeah, it's been cool. It's been like at the lake in the pool, all that good stuff. That's awesome. So, you, Sean, you want to introduce this guy? Yeah. Okay, great. So, we got Michael Girdly. Is that the way you say it? Yep. Yeah, Michael's here. I've been following you on Twitter for a while. And I think you almost bought our NFT for the five minutes of fame, but you got outbid at the last minute.

Is that right? Yes. Yeah. I had a whole plan about it. I was actually going to shard it and then try to make profit from it and sell it in 15 second increments, but some really rich crypto person came in and swooped it out from under me. So, I had a huge plan. I had a huge plan. And, but you, but it worked anyways. You got on the pot anyways without it because you're a pretty interesting dude. I've been following you on Twitter mostly because you tweet about Chili's a lot and I'm a big Chili's guy, huge Chili's fan.

But you also, you kind of fit into this sort of like Andrew Wilkinson bucket, which is like you run a holdcoe and you run like a pretty big holdcoe. And so, let's just give people kind of like your, your rundown. Here's what I know about you. You own a holdcoe. I think Girdly Enterprises is the name of it. Within it, you have a bunch of different things. So, you own stuff as funky as like a fireworks company called Alamo Fireworks. You own like a software rollup called Dura Software. You have like a coffee chain, I think.

Is that right? You have like a drive through coffee chain that's got like three or four locations or something like that. And then you incubate a couple of projects. One of which I used actually recently called NIR, which is like a way, an easy way to hire people in Latin America. And I found this awesome dude, you know, not a plug for NIR necessarily, but it did work. It did work exactly as intended. I found this awesome operations guy for my eCommerce business there, Nico. So, yeah, so that's what you do. And I don't know, Sam, where do you want to start? We can go into, into kind of high level or we could dive into any of the details.

Where do you want to start? He put together this really good document that explains all the different businesses, but to summarize, it looks like it's like eight or nine or 10 of them. And so, so I understand the size. It's over 100 million in revenue, right? And over 750 employees for all eight or 10 of these. Yes. Whenever I hear people be like, okay, yeah, my, my kind of the accumulation of the businesses that I own some percentage ownership stake in is worth over a hundred million dollars. Or like a real estate guy will be like, you know, I have a billion dollar real estate portfolio in my head.

And I'm sure there's a bunch of listeners who are like this too. They're like, so what does that mean? Are you like, are you, are you super loaded? Is this a, like, how do I think about that number? Right? Cause like, you know, if I get a salary, that's the money I keep. If I run a business and I say top line revenue, that's not the money I get to keep. So when you own a, you own 100% of your holdco and your holdco owns businesses that add up to over a hundred million revenue. Does that mean you're just big ball of the shot calling? Are you paying yourself like $10 million a year or more out of, out of the profits of these businesses? Or what does that really mean? Yeah.

Well, I mean, part of the way I've set up the structure is like, I wanted to be very flexible in terms of strategy. So there's some stuff in here that's just like compounders, like Dura, for example, like we want to be the next constellation software someday. So like, I don't, that's just compounding the money I put into that and the effort and time and I put into it. Like I don't, I don't get cash flow from that stuff. But that's by design. Like I'm just a longterm player, not longterm person on all this stuff. You know, the things we went through, just kind of the 10 big holdings that I have, those are all things that I have 50, 60, 30, 40% of companies.

So it's not like, I told him with you, like I've, you know, I felt stressed being like, okay, well, I don't want to be the guy coming in and bullshitting about a bunch of numbers. But also like, I'm from Texas and like, like I have a hard time like bragging and being like, well, okay, here's, here's what my net worth is. And here's how much money I make and all that kind of stuff. So I'm trying to balance it out to where we can actually get there without getting past my comfort zone. How do we let's let's not balance that out.

Let's just go to the other end and make it incredibly uncomfortable. Tell me how your net worth, your checking account number and what it felt like when you lost your virginity, you can pick one go now. Really drunk for and yeah. Yeah, let's let's let's really get into it. And it's like, oh, you don't want to reveal, you know what reveal your penis size? That's fine. Just tell me about your net worth. Then we'll settle for that. But it's seriously, there's like a mental model for these businesses, right? Like some business, like you call it a compound, right? It's like, if you go into a business like this, you're going to put up, it only takes X dollars to start.

And then it takes Y years to kind of get to some good outcome. Like, I'll just give you like a venture startup, right? Like I come from the Silicon Valley venture world. Silicon Valley venture world is you put zero dollars of your own money up, but you're going to raise likely somewhere between three and 300 million from venture capitalists over time. You shouldn't expect to see any big money until you exit, which is on average seven to 10 years. And so like that's the profile of that versus my ecommerce business took, I don't know, I put in 600k to start it.

Like that was my first kind of year commitment that I had to put in. But we can take quarterly profits now, you know, a year or two, we could take quarterly profits if we wanted to, we decided to roll that into growth. But we think that by the year three or four, we should be seeing pretty healthy, you know, quarterly profits that will pay for a sweet lifestyle, right? So that's like, just to paint a picture of what type of business you're getting into. Most people don't know how the holdco business works. So give me those sorts of like, what does it take to start? How long do you have to wait to get a payday? How big are those pay? You know, are you playing a software game like a VC software game, you can make a billion dollars.

Ecommerce unlikely to happen, but you can pretty safely make tens of millions of dollars if you do it right. Yeah. Well, I mean, I think my theory on stuff is it's been incredibly difficult to find good opportunities over the past five years. So I've structured stuff that I want to be able to do any opportunity that comes through the door, right? And so like, so the danger is say, for example, I run across a fun idea to work on that, you know, maybe is in the roll up space. Well, like, like, that's going to require outside capital, right? Dura required outside capital.

My partner and I, who started the business, he's former head of support for Rackspace. He's a CEO of the business. Now we put up our own money to do the first acquisition. And then we started when we ran out of money, right after a couple of million dollars, we had to go out and raise money. And so that's playing that kind of VC compounding game that I talked about, you know, other stuff like the coding bootcamp that we start, like that pays me money every month. It's similar to what you're talking about. So, you know, the thing I like about those kind of cash flowy LLCs and stuff like that is like, you know, the upside isn't as good, like you can't have a billion dollar exit in that stuff 20 years from now.

But you could start cash flowing really quickly. So I like to have a blend of all those things because you can't you can't live on appreciation. How much a how much profit does the hundred million make? Or I think you said over a hundred million, but we let's just say it's 100 million, how much profit does it actually make? And let's say that you own 30% of one company that makes 10 million in profit. Do you say like, all right, we're going to take of that 10 million, we're going to take out 3 million in profit, we own 30%, we get 1 million.

Yeah. Well, I typically, the stuff in a portfolio for small businesses like this is going to end up run 15 to 20% you know, EBIT emergence. So then you do a calculus and say, okay, well, based on that, like free cash flow, potential margins, like, okay, you got to pay off debt service and all that kind of stuff if you have it. And then is it better for you to take the money out or should you reinvest it inside the business? And by and large, most of these things are reinvesting because I don't have better places to put the money than reinvesting in assets and new acquisitions and all that kind of stuff.

Which business is the best cash cow? Is it like, you know, the fireworks company where it's like, well, it's open like three months a year and it just prints, it prints profits for three months. And then we like don't have to think about it for the other nine. Like, I don't know if that's true. I'm just saying that out loud. Which business is the best one and why is it fireworks? Dude, fireworks. Here's why I love fireworks. It was the first business that started my whole platform and I was the CEO of it. And it is the hardest business in the world to run.

Like, it, the cash flow sucks. Like we, we aren't even open yet for 4th of July. We open in two more days. And we've been spending money to get ready for it all the way through the through since January the second. And you have to predict what's going to happen six to 12 months ahead of time. And then you have to put up all the cash for it by all the fireworks, get all the locations out of. We have 200 locations across the state of Texas and then open them all up. And then we really don't break even until about seven or eight PM on the night of the 4th of July.

So it is when I ran that business, that was where I cut my teeth as a CEO. Like it was the hardest business to run to where I went to these other businesses and people would like pay you before you delivered the service or like, like when we started the coding boot came was the second business. And I was like, you mean they pay us before we teach them the classes? Like this is amazing. I thought it was the greatest thing ever. So every other business feels like it. How much revenue does the fire one do fireworks? It's multiple tens of millions.

Yeah, no shit. That makes, let's say 20, 30, 40 million dollars selling fireworks for two weeks. We do it twice a year for the 4th of July. And then we do it again for New Year's. In Texas, it's warm enough that actually New Year's is more pleasant than any place else. That's amazing. And that's quite profitable if you do well for the remaining like three hours. And that three hours you make all your profit. All your profit because everybody shows up at the last minute. That's the other part. I didn't tell you. Yeah, nobody buys anything until the last day because consumers have this habit of not doing things ahead of time.

So that business is actually kind of an ugly business then because it's like you have to predict things and I don't know the world is very unpredictable the last few years. So you have to predict demand. You have to operate really well in a very tight time crunch like all your demand gets squeezed into this tiny pipe. You're putting up all the cash up front. So you're taking some risk there. Did you, your clever guy, did you come up with any clever operating hacks to like make that business suck less that other fireworks people don't really do? Yes, we have a bunch of those.

I didn't come up with any of them. The thing I realized, and this was about 14, 15 years ago, actually really suck at optimizations. Like I want to live at like 80,000 feet with big ideas and strategy and doing what we're doing right here at Rite. Like I want to live in an idea space. And what I realized about six years into running that business was I am precisely the wrong person to run this business because what you're talking about is just like game of inches where you have to be like optimizing stuff all the time.

And like I find that incredibly boring. Like that is the most like that in accounting and HR are like the three most boring things you're asking me to do in my life. And what we've done is a ton of those kind of optimizations like that business has exploded in the past five years, no pun intended through just getting the right people on the field. And it means me not doing it because I absolutely in the wrong perfect wrong person to run that business. But we do a bunch of different stuff like we brought digital point of sale to that business.

It used to be handwritten for a long number of years. So some pretty basic stuff that you're like really took that long. But yeah, we we've done all that kind of stuff. But the it's the royal we it's not me. How much money did you you said you started this thing with $2 million of you and your partner's money and then is the rest like a fun that you raised? So so Dura was something I started we started with our own money. The fireworks business I got that the old fashioned way. I it's a family business.

I inherited it. So that's why you're like how this kind of with the fireworks business. I was told I have a fireworks business now and it's great. What about the other things? Did you it's like is each one like its own you raise money for each one if you need to raise money or you just use your own money? Yep, just if if I need to syndicate the deal, I syndicate the deal with other people. You know what I've learned and I only do is I hate raising money for stuff unless I'm putting my own money in it.

So I'll put a substantial amount of my net worth and new stuff. And then when I go out to raise money, I feel like not yucky. Otherwise, I feel yucky. But yeah, which of the business. Okay, so we thought maybe the fireworks business is the best one. It turns out that's kind of a pretty pretty gnarly business. Which of your businesses would you say is like the most in the cash flow category? Like, it's just so beautiful because it works. It's just it just worked right away didn't take a ton of money. It's you know, it's profitable.

It's not like this brutal business to operate. Which one do you like the best? Yeah, the coding bootcamp is the best one. It's all services low cap X. And then I mean the thing I like the most about it like it actually like helps people like it changes their lives and that's not bullshit by the way. Like you'll notice a theme like and all this stuff I really like enjoy helping people and it it's a life transformation thing when people go through that and get a better job. Clearly you've never had a bottle rocket fight man.

Because those are pretty amazing too. How big is the coding bootcamp? That is that is low eight figures. That's amazing. And very profitable. That runs kind of consistent with what we're talking about that 15 to 20% even emergence. And so so you got a bunch of these. So I like your Twitter because you talk about a bunch of things that I think most people aren't talking about my feed is very like, I don't know my Twitter feed is just like the same crypto people the same Silicon Valley people and then there's like five people that are like just you know different and I think your friends are all of them like that guy Molson I think is like a total nut.

I find him his feed to be hilarious. You're kind of a nut you're hilarious. There's this guy Jay Vasavallava. I don't know how to say his last name exactly long Indian last name. He's super smart and like you know people just don't follow you guys in the same like to the same level as I think you should like I'll make a list of these people tweeted out because I think you guys are all way more entertaining on Twitter than most. But I want to read you a couple of tweets and I want you to just kind of riff on like kind of explain it but riff on what you what you mean there like what was the kind of the golden thing there.

So you had one about going to touristy places but doing non touristy things you were tweeting out like you were in China. You're tweeting out like what a paper recycling mill like what is waste paper from the US. Where does it go once we like where does the waste paper go. You like found where it goes in China. It was this gnarly factory. And so like I don't know if you can talk about that or just this idea of going going on vacation or going to a touristy place but then hitting the non touristy parts of that country.

Talk a little about that. Yeah. Well that was a I mean that was a business trip. Like I was there training the team and helping them go learn how to buy fireworks and like we were just driving down the road and like literally. So the process of going to buy fireworks is there is like a Silicon Valley of fireworks and it's in China and it's about a two hour flight from Hong Kong in the southeast of China and you go to this place and like it's the same thing every day. You go to the Chinese take you to a fancy dinner and there's always the same restaurant the same food and then they take you to a factory and then they shoot you some fireworks and hopefully you buy them and that happens like for six days in a row and then and you have to drink a bunch of nasty Bijou.

They just they have like Budweiser Chinese Budweiser please serve you and it's pretty fun. Ching down. Yeah it's pretty fun. But yeah after like the fourth year of doing that like I was there with with the team and I was we were like driving along and I was just so sick of going to yet another fireworks factory because they all look the same. It's just like the same little ladies like doing the same thing and all the fireworks workers by the way are like 70 years old. They can't hire young people to work in fireworks factories.

It's just crazy. And I was like what is that over there. And and they're like oh that's the box factory. And I was like a box factory. Let's go over there. And so they pull over to the side of the road. The driver goes in and the Chinese seller just like takes us in for a tour of this box factory. And for me it was just like an opportunity to kind of push a little bit and like really get underneath and understand like how a culture like lives and really functions. And like he told us like look there they have a problem making boxes now because they can't put the wastewater directly in the river anymore.

I was like oh this is so I think it's so cheap in China. But yeah that's it. Like just you just kind of start wandering and then magic happens. So that was one of those. What type of trip was that where you bring a bunch of Texas firework workers to China. And like I just imagine like just like what the fuck is this soy sauce shit. You don't even just like imagine that conversation. That was you must have had a blast hanging out with a bunch of Texas firework guys and then bunch of Chinese fireworks guys.

You guys that we really got brought together there on that one. Our love of blown shit up. Yeah. Well I mean I'm somewhat worldly. The guy the guy that we took on the trip actually the CEO for the business is a former a former senior military officer who's Romanian and lives here in San Antonio now used to work for Aldi and they didn't know what to make of him. Like they were just totally confused why we had a Romanian with us like going through rural China. So it's pretty good times. Have you had any of these other like have you intentionally gone and sort of gone off the beaten path to like because I feel like what you're when I look at your your Twitter feed you've sort of accumulated a bunch of random disparate business knowledge.

And a lot of this comes from like oh you see a guy selling something on the street. You're like hey so what is this. Where does this come from. How do you do this. Right. That sort of thing. Can you tell any other stories of you know sort of like intentionally stumbling into interesting things because I think more people should do that. And I want to kind of like you know hear some of those stories. It's a really good question. I need to think of a good answer. I'm glad we're I'm glad this is being edited.

When have I done that the most. Yeah we went down one time we went down. This is super interesting. You know our business Dura has some employees in Medellin and Columbia you know where Pablo Escobar is from. So we went down there to just kind of like start wandering around and like meet our employees and like understand should we outsource more here. And we just started like going around with a guide and just like asking people questions like what do you think of Americans. What is it like here. And like you just start to see random stuff.

I mean the reason I started the coffee business by the way is like I was riding my bike around Arkansas and I'm like just riding outside the Walmart headquarters because like I'm a business nerd and staring at the Walmart headquarters and like there's this like drive through coffee shop there and it was COVID and I was bored and I so I just sat there for an hour and these guys were just printing money and I came home and I called my buddy who I'd wanted to work with for years and I was just like hey we should start a coffee business and he said why and I sent him the pictures.

I was like look at all these people they're just like printing money. So it's just kind of this idea of just like for me like like the way I build ventures and the way I find them is just kind of by like stumbling around like an idiot and then like you end up in front of the Walmart headquarters and watch some guys sell on millions of dollars worth of coffee. So yeah that's another story. And does you went to the Berkshire Hathaway summit which I think is kind of like a pilgrimage for like business people slash entrepreneurs.

It's like you got to go visit the Mecca and like you see the old kind of religious leader the 90 year old guru sitting there and is it worth it? Should I go? You definitely got to go at least once. I mean it was like so I'm 47 so like I always regretted I didn't see Jared Garcia before he died and like that was the way I felt about seeing Charlie and Warren and you know it's like one of those things where I was kind of happy to be there because it felt like a once in a lifetime thing and the people watching is amazing.

Like it's like it's like the combination of like cash like investing and like a NASCAR race like it's perfect. So just had so much fun doing it. But it's also kind of you know I feel like going at this point like Charlie and Warren are getting up there like they're 92 and 98 like the morning you know Warren spent a lot of time just kind of trying to find his words and then he got into a rhythm and it was like he was his old self again it was pretty awesome but I mean I think if you're a capitalist you got to go once.

You just got to go once because you're just like it's just such it's just such an insane experience seeing these people so devoted to the company dropping $250 on a pair of roper boots or Justin boots and then walking over and drooling over like how they can buy like a Sunbeam boat like it's just like just the coolest thing so you got to go at least once. Sam have you been? No I was invited to go I think you and I were invited with Sieve and Suley and I didn't go. I guess I would go just to see it.

Dude those guys are old aren't they like isn't Charlie Munger like 93? 98. Oh my god. Yeah I guess next year it would have to be that yeah I guess next year would have to be like the last one maybe. You got to go just to watch him and see how much peanut brittle he eats in a four hour setting like it was unreal the guy ate like four pounds of peanut brittle and when I like live tweeted the thing like it was like I can't believe he's still eating this much peanut brittle I'm 47 there's no way I could do that he was just sitting there pounding it the whole time.

Dude that peanut brittle from Sieve is fire I feel that it is pretty amazing. These guys have like they have the most success and they do the opposite of what every like you know success coach and like motivational entrepreneur tells you to do it's like you know they're like you know it's like if you go on Instagram it's like oh I need to you know wake up at 5 a.m. I need to you know meditate I need to do my ice plunge then I need to do my crossfit workout then I need to like you know do my daily gratitude journal then I need to do my like hyper focused chamber where I go and I figure out my priorities for the day then I need to like speed read and listen to my podcast on 2x speed and these guys are basically like you know they somehow made it to the beginning of the richest people in the world lived until they you know until they're about a hundred years old and they wake up every day they eat McDonald's breakfast eat a bunch of M&M's and Diet Cokes and then they read and play bridge all day and like go for walks and you know that's where they get their their their ideas from and so you know I think there's something too what they're doing I think it's a you know I think they're still alive because they're low stress despite what they eat and I think there's there's smart thinkers because they don't overload their brain with information like I'm guilty of and I think a bunch of people are when you when you're hooked into social media you're just constantly consuming info this data is wrong every freaking time have you heard of HubSpot HubSpot is a CRM platform where everything is fully integrated whoa I can see the client's whole history calls support tickets emails and here's a test from three days ago I totally missed one of your of the things in your uh the the things in your portfolio which company besides the besides the the bootcamp are you like this is just the greatest thing ever I'm so happy we own this uh I more people should know how easy or not easy but how straightforward this business on it feels like I'm winning an easy mode yeah well I think the near business so it's hirewithnear.com

um so it actually this is a this is the this is the apex of what I want for Girdley existence to be which is I want I've gone from starting businesses myself and working in them then starting businesses and having other people work in them and this is one that has started basically with me doing no work but I have substantial amount on the cap table like it's the apex of Girdley automation like I'm always scaling stuff so the near business like we looked up and like like I'm in a CEO peer group and like none of my peers could like hire people like it was the past couple years it was just such a mess and then I'd ask them have you considered hiring overseas and uh they're like I don't know how to do that how would I do that so we we we basically I took one of my associates and I said hey we should go build in this direction there's this huge wave and here's this problem let's go try some stuff and see what happens um and that business I like so much just because everything seems like it's on easy mode because everybody's off shoring like everybody wants to do this um it was that way when the economy was going well now it's even more so when the economy is going poorly um and I've hired personally of my associates I have three of the six that work work overseas I've never met a person it's like the best and you partnered with someone to make this according to the about page right yeah so um Hayden is started as an associate of mine so I hire these um people I call them associates and it's basically an entrepreneur in training program so I like mentor them through I pay them a salary um and then I help them like get out of the like 12 bad ideas that every entrepreneur has to get when they're 27 years old I help them like think through all those and then we work on a good idea together and then at the end of it they can either start a company with me or they can go take a job or whatever and so Hayden and Franco were two of the guys in that program and like I'm on the cap table with them like I put up the money and have been guiding them through it but they've done all the work when you're hiring CEOs how much equity do give them and how much uh how much do you pay them and how do you incentivize them to want to stay with you for a long time yeah so totally depends upon the situation um you know obviously if a business is much more established um or demands somebody who's like much more like um like mature that that makes a situation where oftentimes you have to come up with more um my best situations are when I can partner with somebody so all this stuff I'm in while I have significant stakes in it I have other people on the cap tables like that's one of my like I feel like superpowers like I can just like maintain partnerships like I have 100 success rate on partnerships with people so the absolute best way is if I can get somebody like Paul at Dura is to be like a co founder and the absolute best way of that is if they're a co founder and they put money in it like me and then they make that their job like that's the absolute best skin in the game kind of outcome but you know you can have anywhere from a 27 year old who will make 60 to 80k a year plus benefits to some of these people who are much more senior like our coffee our coffee person you know he worked at 25 years at Circle K and he's running this he's running that business um he obviously needs to make much more money than that um and then the equity really depends totally depends on the opportunity depends on how much skin in the game they want to have uh what level of commitment they have and how early they're coming in the venture but it could be anywhere from 40 to 20 to 5% and why does let's say for Dura uh why does your partner want to give you what let's call it let's pretend you have 30% I don't know what you have maybe it's 50 maybe it's a little less let's just say 30% why does he want to give you 30% and he's day to day in it but you're not right uh so how do you think about that like value exchange um when you're not going to be the operating person and then they are yeah well I mean so you're asking that question from the same lens I have which is like being an operator isn't our dream most people their dream is to be an operator they're excited when we're able to work together and create an opportunity for them to be their best self right and that's what I see kind of as that benefit and so and and so I think a situation like that where like you know oftentimes I'm part of the very early figuring out what the idea is going to be I'm putting up a substantial amount of money I put up more money than than say the other partners dead um we did some debt to do the first deal like I personally guaranteed it and then the last thing is like like great teams they have these complimentary things like how much money would you use to fund a new business so that one was like a couple million and then some of these are like 50 to 100 wow okay so that's about you put up a lot of money yeah so yeah skin in the game matters um then that also helps me not to try to do too many things like I could just be like okay like I'm putting real money in this I better really believe in it um but like like the last thing with these operators is a lot of the things I feel like I bring to the business where it's like strategy insights like best practices and connections like those are things that they're happy to have somebody along on the journey with them who has the same level of commitment um and wants to be a board member like I I don't want their job and I'm not I wouldn't be good at it so you know I think that's that's the partnership I end up having with these folks Sean have you heard of um this guy named Kevin Ryan only through you he's like a media right is that the same guy yeah so Michael have you heard of this guy Kevin Ryan I'm googling him all right so I think they're Mike there's probably a billion Kevin Ryan so like maybe a baseball that's a baseball player he's the alley for a guy might come up so yeah so listen to this guy so early in his career he worked like in the newspaper business nothing particularly exciting and then he worked at this company called DoubleClick and he was like the 30th employee there and then took over as CEO and then DoubleClick was sold for like a billion or many billion and it eventually became ad sense for Google so like pretty big thing he told me that he had made like um very low digit eight eight figures uh he was like it was enough money that like I'm set but uh like I still wanted to like create stuff and so him and this guy named Dwight who I think he worked with at DoubleClick they started Alley Corp and their whole thing was we're gonna fund companies with 200 to 300 thousand dollars and all the ideas are gonna come from us all the ideas are only gonna be back at the envelope math and we're gonna hire someone to get it off the ground and we're gonna give it 300 thousand and six months to prove if this is a good idea or a bad idea and we're gonna do it a bunch of times a few of their successes that they've done this with are uh Mongo.mongoDB

which I don't know what it's at now but in the range of like a 20 to 50 billion dollar uh market cap publicly traded software business the second one is Business Insider which sold for 600 million I think but it's like a big company now the third one is Guilt Guilt Group which was a clothing company that was huge it didn't actually work out but it was huge for a little while and I think the fourth one there's another oh the fourth one is Zola you guys know Zola it's like where you go for wedding registries I believe that that's a unicorn and there might actually be two or three more of these companies that Alley Corp has like uh founded and basically he was like yeah so me and Dwight just sit around and we come up with like a cool idea like I go to a wedding and I just ask people where they bought all the gifts and like he's like I just had this idea so I knew someone who worked at Guilt Group who mentioned she liked this type of business I hollered at her I go hey here's 300k if you can get this going and you get a small portion but we get most of it you want to try it and that's how it worked it's a he's pretty amazing speechless that's impressive it's like yeah I was like yeah those guys are really good there's this like holdco model is it's like in vogue right because it's sort of like to me I worked at a startup studio for a while I think that was like the thing for a period of time probably still is a thing where you build one company you run it for a while you sell it great now you got cash you still want to do more entrepreneurial things and so you sell fun to studio where like we're going to work on a bunch of ideas and then you try to find like new winners out of those bunches of ideas and so like you know I worked out of one that's how I got into tech you know Mark Pinkis the guy who created Zynga then he created one the guy who created Uber he created one Kevin Rose created one like it's just a bunch of serial entrepreneurs who create these and they've actually had a pretty poor track record of success and then we see that like the holdco mafia is sort of the same where you get you know guys like Andrew Wilkinson who's got tiny and then you have you know a bunch of other people who are doing their own holdco versions of that whether they buy boring businesses they buy sweaty businesses they buy software businesses they buy whatever and you're kind of in that boat you're in that boat too what do you think is the I guess like how do you think about that you know in terms of like who do you think should be the type of person who should do this and and what are some of the misconceptions or like traps that people fall into when they go down this path because I'm sure you've seen a bunch yeah well I mean I think there's two there's two bad things going on with holdco's right now I think there's a whole group of people that are doing them and they actually think it's not that much work like I talked to them like so why are you doing this they're like oh it seems really easy I'm like this is really hard and the reason number two that it's like super hard is because this is exactly the opposite of operations like the everything that you do and all the habits and skills that you learn when you are a CEO running a business which is where most these people are coming from or you're a senior executive company like everything you do in a holdco is exactly the opposite like like when there's a problem you don't rush in and fix it for your company you actually say man that really sucks what are you going to do about that two entirely different things in terms of the way you approach it so you mean it'll be interesting to see what happens with all these people who think holdco's are really hot as I talked to most of them I don't think as many of them are wired to be holdco people as they really think they are like the me's the Xavier Hulkinsons like like we're odd like we're different people and there's a reason for that that we're not operators and so it'll be it'll be interesting to see what happens with some of these people what's so hard about it you know I think it goes against people's nature right so like like take me for example like I love to live in this idea space right and I'm I have like a relatively crappy memory which is like I why I have to write stuff down like crazy but that's different for other people like a lot of the people that I partner with as operators they look at like what I do as insanity because they just couldn't imagine letting go of the vine of these particular things going on and so you know it goes against this human nature where a lot of times like for example those people like there's this problem going on in the business they want to sprint to that problem right and they can't imagine even stepping away from it so it just goes against in my opinion who you are as a person and makes it almost incredibly difficult or impossible for the many people yeah you say that but at the same time I'm like oh everybody I know is like oh I like to operate at a high level you know the 10,000 foot view and I'm ideas guy I don't know anyone that doesn't think they're an ideas guy maybe I just run in the wrong circles but you know I don't know a lot of people who are like you know what I like to grind the operator likes to go grind the day to day optimizations versus I like to be the idea guy who helps just get it started and somebody else goes and does all the hard work you know that seems like it seems like there's a ratio of a hundred idea guys to every one guy who's just truly loves executing you ever heard of Excel dog that's my jam oh no no you I lived in the silicon valley bubble too like I was I fit right in I was great there and then I came back here to the hinterlands of San Antonio and like I started to see these people and like I've got buddies who for example are senior executives at the largest private grocery chain in America HB have you guys heard of this company yeah I love HB it's like my favorite grocery store it's it's insane you should see how optimized those guys are when they're running at three or four percent even margins and like they think it's great tell me everything about HB yeah what do you want to know like what what what makes it so great it all comes down to it all comes down to the philosophy of the family that owns it so you have Charles butt who is the majority owner and then his his relatives are the other rest of the owners and then they have a percentage that's owned by the employees but it's like 85 90 percent owned by but by these guys and so they'll just do crazy stuff like when they heard when they heard that trader joes was coming to san Antonio so HB is located here there's an anecdote that they just packed up all the senior executives who were in charge of product selection location selection interior store experience all this stuff they put them on a private jet and they flew out to uh to california and said don't come back until you have the best of every single one of their products because we need to up our game um there's another anecdote when walmart came to san Antonio that h e b went and lowered their profit targets because they're just like we're not losing to walmart that's just the way it's going to work and that all emanated from the ownership right you didn't have this like public stock people coming in and saying like oh like think quarter by quarter now you had these folks that were thinking like we've been here for 70 years how are we going to be here for another 70 years and just go crush it and that goes all the way down the culture my buddy works there and he said it took 10 years before people stopped referring to him as the new guy people just stay yeah imagine that in silicon valley of all the it sounds like to you that like h e b is almost like a dream business or not a dream business but it's one that like you look at and you're like damn that is cool that is well run i admire a few things about that what else do what other companies do you admire that most people don't maybe know about or think about when it's like oh that's actually really neat for these following reasons hmm really good question what other businesses are super sexy i feel like i've talked a lot about sexy but but it's just like things where it's like uh man this is these guys got it made they're it's hard work but it seems like it's like a pretty fun and i think that what they're doing has a lot of soul and they're doing it right sam do you have one while he's thinking yeah uh i mean it does seem like it's a lot of family guy stuff i would say um do you guys do you guys know black black uh black rifle coffee i've heard of them but i don't know much about them i don't drink so i don't really drink too much of it i drink the black stuff because the other stuff has a lot of sugar they're typically drank by like conservatives like they've like do the they've done like they advertise on fox they've done like a good job of uh like like this is made in america it's all about freedom like that whole thing which is well you know whatever that's cool and but they're like yeah let's sponsor rally dirt rally race cars and i asked them i was like why and they're like because it's freaking awesome and like what's the point of like having this company if we can't do dope shit like you know go to a go to a rally car and give out our coffee and or they'll do it with like mountain biking races or they'll do it with uh like they make all this all this cool content where they're just like doing like the redneck version of red bull stunts you know like uh and i think that's awesome i love that stuff i think that to me i imagine in their heads they're like yeah they're like we kind of care about coffee but we really just care about living a really cool amazing life and letting people have fun and it just so happens or we're we're selling a bunch of coffee allows us to to do that so that's a good example of a of a business that i like and they took it public and it's worth like six or seven hundred million dollars so it's like really successful yeah they're located here in san Antonio have you seen it's it's super cool that that business you think it's like a coffee chain and it's actually just a lifestyle brand it's all like you go into the stores and there's like a little coffee thing on the side and then it's like all t shirts and swag and it's good looking stuff like i'm not like they're demographic obviously but like it's super fun to like go in there and be like man these guys like i'd wear that even though it doesn't represent me i like them a lot shawnd do you have one you know i do have i do have a couple um i like to i kind of admire like oh shit that's simple i like when it's really simple and the person has has like good life perspective so the guy came on the podcast mike brown i met him through you i met him i went to the hustle office and he was he was just sitting there hanging out with you and um and you were like this guy's great you know you know what's great about this guy and i think sam you probably know the story a little better than i do but like what they did was they would go around to families in texas that oh that were like basically living on a gold mine right it's like they were living on some valuable deposit of you know minerals or oil or whatever and they would go knock on doors and they would say hey you know you um you're living on this land i'll like we'll pay you for the land rights in some way and they would go of those assets and then they would never go do the oil mining or oil drilling themselves it would then flip that to the oil company and say hey look we got the title rights you know clear and easy that are in the earth and they were making a killing so they were making you know i don't know almost almost a hundred million dollars doing this is that right sam yeah i believe it was multiple eight figures in profit a year with like a team of like eight people and they're like yeah so it was super profitable super small super simple it was like well basically we go knock on doors we call people and we explain what we're doing and then we make them an offer that they can't refuse like you know they're not going to do anything sitting on that land and so you know it to me i'm like this is so simple you compete with pretty much nobody um and then you and then he was like i was like so you it looks like your brother's working the business like how's that working with family you know some people say different things about that and he was like no it's awesome he's like i love my brothers he's like you know uh he's like my my philosophy is you you know you find the people that you love and you do life with them and he said that it kind of changed the way i i operated i was like oh yeah who are the people i want to do life with and like you know just kind of pick the five people who are the most awesome and then find excuses to do life with them that sounded really simple say i love sam i'm gonna do a podcast with sam and it's like oh our buddy ramon's awesome cool i'm gonna go on vacation with ramon or you know like you want and like you know hey this person's awesome why don't you come work in one of my businesses right rather than just go work in your own job so i really liked i kind of admired that philosophy and i admired just the like sheer profits of what they were doing and how simple it was and how it didn't require you know genius or like honestly i'm sure he felt like he was working hard but it's not that hard like it's not well he used to say he was like everyone we hire we make him get into cycling because we all we like going bike riding for two hours in the middle of the day he's like we all we all want to go for we all want to go work out yeah yeah so i kind of admire people who are the anti hard work crowd because i'm more of that like you know can you work smarter not harder and then can you even like not feel like you're working can you turn it into play by you know having people who are awesome you know doing it with you so i like that example the other one is bill Simmons who started the ringer like i really don't think media companies are a very good business and you know ironically just started a media company but like bill Simmons is fucking awesome and he kind of changed the game for what he does like every sports journalist did things one way he just did it differently and built this he built his following uh sort of unapologetically and what does he do differently so he just like he wrote from the perspective of a fan and that sounds actually that's actually giving it too much intellectual credit actually what he did was he was like all right what are the rules if you're a journalist it's like you need to be objective he's like how can i be objective dude i follow sports because i love the boston redsox i love the celtics i'm from boston i grew up my dad used to take me to the games he's like i'm gonna write as like this diehard fan and when my team wins i'm gonna be so happy when my team loses i'm the sky is falling he's like that of course was super relatable to a reader because that's who your reader is it's like a diehard sports fan so he like didn't pretend to be objective that was like the first part then he would be like cool i'm also not just like this flat thing that like i can only like talk about sports so he's like oh you know i love the diehard trilogy so he'll write a column that's like you know if mba players were characters in diehard here's who would be bruce willis and diehard too and like you know he would do these crossovers that didn't nobody else really took those risks it sounded crazy like sam you know you and me both watch the mtvs the challenge he's like a huge challenge fan and he'll talk about it he'll do a separate podcast about it even though the audience is kind of niche but it's so niche that when it hits it hits in a very big way like it's like it has a high like emotional score when he does talk about something you get you that you're in on the joke like the trade value for the male bag or one of your business heroes and anyways then he spun off did his own he was doing podcasting before it was popular before it was like an obvious thing and so when he he'd recently sold the whole company to spotify for like 200 something million but you know that i kind of admired that because it was like he deserves that he was the podcasting before podcasting was a thing and so yeah he now has the number one sports podcast and he can cash out and all along the way there was never really any plan you could draw up how that podcast was going to make the guy 200 million dollars someday it was like that was an unfathomable thing but he did it because he again it's kind of like your black rifle example it's like yeah i'm just gonna do it because i think it's fun and it's cool shit and like i i kind of believe in this magic for this philosophy that if you take a bunch of cool shit you put it in the in the hat you kind of mix up the hat like something really good comes of that and you don't have to be able to draw it out you know ahead of time so i kind of i tend to love examples like that because i want to live my life more like that where i just do things without so much of a of a of a mind map of exactly how it's all going to pay off dude i love that i think um i saw this amazing quote i'm trying to find it but it was from Kanye and he was like saying i despise people who do things i can't find the exact quote but he's like i despise people who do stuff and they don't want it to be dope he's like i want to if i'm gonna do a cloth if i want to do a clothing company i'm making it dope even if that means i lose money i'm making it dope i'm making it awesome but he kept using the word dope and he's like i'm just gonna do stuff because it's amazing and yeah it'll probably make money but for all the people out there who just do stuff just to get the money but they don't want to make it awesome in the process i think that's really weak and not cool and not dope have you heard that Dave Chappelle story he tells on like some late night show about Kanye yeah tell it my life is yeah yeah i don't remember the exact phrase he's like i was hanging out with Kanye then Kanye got a call who who was it somebody called them who was it so it was uh it was uh Kanye was backstage with Dave Chappelle and Jay Z and Kanye was just coming up and he was playing a uh a Jay Z song and Kanye's verse comes up and Kanye's like the noob in the room and he goes wait stop that track rewind and that and listen to that guy and he like made him rewind and then um he's like they're like dude what are you doing man you're not like the you're not the big shot here and then uh he gets a phone call and he goes oh hello yeah yeah that's fine but uh can i call you back uh yeah well i'm backstage watching never seen before clips with Dave Chappelle yeah because my life's dope and i do dope shit and then hangs up and then that's that's that yeah exactly i love that story that is the best and also um like that philosophy is actually kind of amazing first of all to believe in your own life being dope like how many people think that their life is dope that they are dope and they do dope shit and therefore they have a dope life like most people don't give themselves that credit and you know they're kind of waiting for dope stuff to happen for them to be able to say that kind of is the opposite right he's crazy in a bunch of ways but one of the good ways he's crazy is that he just declares my life is dope and i do dope shit and guess what you'll kind of live up to that reputation if you believe that about yourself right like if you say you know um you know i take chances you know i'm i'm bold i take i take bold risks well guess what you're gonna actually take the next bold risk when the opportunity presents itself because you've kind of hardwired yourself to to have that identity when we were sam you'll like this at bebo when um we hired this guy jason hitchcock and jason was jason's the best person you can hire because he will believe in you and to cause 150 percent like he'll believe in you and the mission if you're like his boss and your manager or whatever like more than you believe in yourself and he'll believe that the company's gonna work even more than the ceo's gonna believe he's like i call him a koolaid drinker like he drinks the koolaid and he's not ashamed to do it and so he because of that he's like the amazing person to have at a startup when there's a actually a lot of people have a bunch of doubt and uncertainty in their mind and so one day i was talking to jason and we were like um the hustle con was coming around around the corner and i was like i think i'd message you i was like i want to talk at hustle con and i think you were kind of like yeah like i'll i don't know we got a bunch of speakers already you kind of blew it off you're like you know we know and uh and i was like all right fair enough but i asked and i was like i was like jason next year we're gonna talk at hustle con i was like in fact not just next year we're gonna talk at hustle con in fact everything we do this year i want you to think about how it's gonna play at your hustle con talk you're gonna give when you're gonna give this talk about how we grew from zero to a million users how we took over the game in our industry like i want you to not just wake up and be like okay today i'm gonna send out a bunch of emails it's like i want you to think about how this could be part of your talk like how i landed the big fish through cold emails or how i you know growth hacked my way to do x and we used to talk about that literally on a weekly basis like this is part of the hustle con talk and it was just to hype ourselves up to like do the more dope version of the task we were already gonna do because like imagine you're gonna talk about this on stage that means it must have turned out pretty dope or you must have done a pretty dope attempt in order to have that mindset and i i still carry that to this day of like that's a pretty cool way to work um here's the uh here's here's the quote by the way so this is from kanya he said for me dopeness is what i like most people who want to make things as dope as possible and by default make money from it the thing that i like least are people who want to make money from things whether they're dope or not especially make money from making things the least dope that's possible and i i read that quote and i was like yeah we need to make that the intro of the podcast find a clip of kanya saying that out loud and let's make that the the opening clip of the podcast um the other thing we did by the way that's in this bucket that i highly recommend people do is it's tempting to say we should do cool shit yeah blah blah blah and then like fast forward a month everybody's feeling tight about the budget or the deadlines or the the the goal numbers are not being hit or whatever it's very what's the first thing you cut is the stuff that doesn't easily map to this quarter's result and and so we separate we created a separate do cool shit budget it was 15 of our total budget we put into a do cool shit bucket which the outcome of it had to be where at uh lose that bebo and then i tried to do this also at twitch where um which was like hey whatever the number is that we have to spend 15 percent is gonna be on cool shit that we cannot like we it doesn't have a measurable immediate payoff so that's like the criteria you can't it can't be used in this much like like making a flame thrower like making a flame thrower or like you know i don't know if you saw this we did the milk red rebrand or whatever and i paid this guy to make this little video that's like this mock apple commercial and like it doesn't do anything it's it's not going to drive subscribers it's not going to like make revenue it's i mean in many ways it is arguably a waste of time and money to just like pay the guy to do that and even think about the concept and all that but i've always had this with my companies which is like i need 15 percent i was like at the very least this is just to keep myself amused and engaged and like a fan of my own business and because i know if i'm like the more if i'm just more engaged in my own business i'm gonna do that part will pay off and on the other side it's like i think your consumers the customers of your business also pay attention to that if they see you doing dope shit just for the sake of doing dope shit they kind of see you as the cool kid in school in a way right like if you're always just begging for for customers or users or doing a discounted sale or like saying please please please follow me please please please subscribe like you're kind of our low status in a way and i think at the hustle you guys did a good job of this too did you do you have any examples of this yeah like we did stuff early on that we kind of like people got mad at and i was like they're like you're gonna lose money lose customers i'm like yeah but it's hilarious like one time uh we wrote in we wrote entire email in trump's voice and so we're like imagine like if you read it and you were saying it out loud like that it was sound like you were donald trump everybody loved it everybody's saying it's the best people saying that they're saying it's the best yeah like that's how it that's how it that's like how it was written uh and then another time um this was like pretty vulgar but it was pretty funny we wrote the the subject was here's the only tip that you need to know for how to be productive today at work and you open it up and it was just that picture of johnny cash where he flicks off the camera and it just says close this browser and get back to work and that and like that was that was that was it that was ebom we sent that to 120 000 people we didn't even like we didn't even we didn't even send an email and then maybe one final thing this woman lindsey worked for me and she sent the tuesday's email on wednesday which is like a mistake she's like shit she's freaking out and i was like here do this um i wrote in slack i was like hey uh you know i heard you sent the wrong email she replied in slack yeah my bad is really messed up i go but we got to talk but until then just like fix it and she replied with like well what should i do i was like i don't know man just put the new email in and send it again just take a screenshot of this and like put them on no understand i'm sure it goes and she replied with something like funny and that was just the screenshot that's one at the top of the email there's no explainer right and so we would do like little things like that all the time what about you michael are there any companies that you look at that uh kind of fall in this category it's super fun uh well i did i did find one to talk about the have you guys done pop sockets before you talked to that we have not talked about it now yeah it's a crazy story so um it's the it's the little like you take the the back of the case of your phone and you put the little ring on it well that's patented and they're called pop sockets and they're very litigious so the business started in 2014 and they sold 30 000 of these things so they're you know 10 or 12 bucks whatever um but then they got really popular and people the chinese started trying to knock them off and sell them on amazon all this stuff um and so it was a you see boulder professor and by 2017 they sold 35 million of them in 2018 they sold 60 million of these things so all because they have a patent on this little way that you know teenage young girls in orch county want to grip their phone like they're just printing money so supposedly in 2018 they had 200 million in revenue and 90 million in profit all because of a patent it's one of the great one of the one of the greatest yes i know this is true because i got it off of wikipedia when i researched this a few months ago yeah that's that's amazing gotta be several hundred million at least i mean they gotta keep growing every lady i know has one of those things fit your nails in there it's great sam you want to know a little realization i had today when michael was coming on i was like all right what do i know about michael i was like he does that like chili's little shtick where he's always like you know you know the only thing i don't even i don't know how i would explain it but you basically you just find an excuse to name drop chili's and say how great chili's is and like why it's the best place for a meeting and like you're just like you know oh my god you know so happy for you know mother's day i love my mother but not as much as i love chili's right like you just like come up with some way to like integrate chili's in and so i don't know if you've seen this but i i actually me and ben talked about this once we go when we were like trying to build up uh my brand it was like all right i got this podcast is brand new i got a twitter it was like you know a few thousand followers at the time and was like what should we do to like build a brand so i we did this one like you know two hour exercise we just looked at people who had good brands we're like what are what are people what's some common things that they do and one of the things we found was that a lot of people had early on in the tech industry like uh or like sorry like early on not early on the tech industry that's like in the 70s or some shit but like early on when i got into tech i was following some people on twitter and um and i saw this guy ryan hoover and he seemed interesting he was blogging he started this thing called product hunt but ryan would always it was always phil's coffee and lacroix like he would always talk about phil's coffee and lacroix and in fact like lacroix kind of became like a startup meme i really give right a lot of credit for it because he was always effort talking about lacroix and then when product hunt got popular it just like accelerated the like the lacroix meme in the community as like you know what's like lowkey great lacroix and like um and so he had lacroix and then i don't know so pomp pomp does this thing with dominos all the time where he's like he'll do like a dominos pizza he always says that like dominos is the best i think and um and he's just like and it's kind of this thing where you get this serious business persona in one way but then you show this like human side and it's like oh i'm just like i love this thing you know i don't know if yours would be like topochico or something like that like you used to like kind of pip those out michael's got chilies we got to make ours cheesecake factory yeah like i was like chick filet cheesecake factory we need something that's like our schtick um that's like it can't just be false like you got to genuinely have that love for it the only part that's the schtick is that you talk about it and you don't really talk about it's like you're serious serious serious topochico because it's like you know this makes the cut it's that important to me it's that good it is i'm that big of a fan you're like michael oh i had a great time you know what let me know when you're when you're in austin we'll go out sometime for some cheesecake factory and maybe get the chicken piccata we'll have a great time yes that's good is that on menu like page 14 of the menu or 57 skinnylicious menu so i think i think when you pick this thing the thing i would recommend it's got to be something that's well okay so here's a story for you so i'm 25 years old and i'm finally figuring out how to talk to women in my life like it's just like i had not figured it out at this point and so my buddy and i decided to start going to parties and we would dress up in suits and this is like when everybody's like dressed in like grunge like in san francisco like so it didn't work so we show up dressed in these fancy suits and it was just odd enough that the women would be like why are you guys doing this like it's just it's just slightly odd right and so i think you need to figure cocking what's a god peacocking yeah okay i could have been one of those like uh with the pickup artist guys who needs to do this holtco stuff i could be a pickup artist i have i could not do that anyway i don't i don't like hair gel enough but anyway the um i think you got to figure out something that's just a little bit odd you're like why does this like technology entrepreneur in san Antonio like chili so much so if the cheesecake factory is that i think you're good but whatever it is it's got to be just a little bit like that they're like why are they why why are they wearing suits to this party like what's going on it can't be cool yeah that's the first thing it can't be cool because if you're just trying to say some fad that like everybody thinks is cool that now you're just hopping on a bandwagon you have to say something that's actually not so cool like for me like the genuine one would be cinnabon like i fucking love cinnabon nobody even thinks about cinnabon so that's the the corner for cinnabon is open i could take that corner you know that's a that's a piece on it's a piece of land on the on the board that that nobody's touching right now i could just pick that up for cheap and but the people who but people do know it it's kind of nostalgic and it gives people something to like something that they can gift you someplace they can offer to take you someplace that every time they go there or see one they will think of you like every time i drive by a chili's god damn it i think of michael girdley right and it's like same thing with the lecroy and ryan hoover it's like they own that mental real estate in my mind and so sam we could do that with cheesecake factory we could just every time someone sees it they see us you definitely should do that that's a great idea all right thanks for coming on man wait wait wait he's got a problem to promote himself once his handle at girdley on twitter sick well thank you thank you for coming on that was awesome


