---
description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJIuvQZGVSA
---

# MFM #162: Why Clubhouse Will Fail

Date: 03/19/2021

Duration: 59 minutes, 24 seconds

Model: Whisper-small

My favorite kind of podcaster content person out there DM me and was like, this is this is a fucking great thread. And I was like blown away that this guy wrote this and then CMBC was like, Hey, would you like to do this? Some German news station was like, Well, you come on and talk about it. And I was like, Wow, this is unbelievable. What can happen with just a random ass tweet. How many people did your tweet reach? How many people did my tweet reach? Yeah, so go to Twitter and then click insights and then look at reach.

I'm gonna guess five million. Okay, let's give it a shot. So it has 13,000 likes. And yeah, almost 5 million 4.8 million impressions. Wow. And who are some of the more interesting people who reached out to you? Well, first, what what what did you what happened here for the listeners? Okay, so what happened? I went on Twitter, and I wrote a thread, I wrote a thread about Clubhouse and the thread starts basically saying, you know, everybody seems to think that Clubhouse is the next big thing. And I think it's gonna fail. And here's how I think it's gonna go down.

And then I wrote it in this way that's a little bit like, goofy, I kind of went over the top. I just I was like, All right, you're the CEO. Like, first of all, congrats, champ, you did it, you know, and I walked through like the high that they're on right now, because everything's going great, and everybody thinks it's the hot shit. And then like, where things might start to go wrong, and what what might go wrong based on, you know, the way that the product is set up, the nature of that product and all that good stuff.

And so that that was a thread I put it out there. And I thought it was going to kind of flop because right away nothing happened. And usually, you could tell like, you know, this you could tell pretty quickly within a couple minutes, you know, if the thread if your tweets going to get any action or not, it didn't look like it was going to get any action. And the first reply was this guy being like, dude, this is way too f and long. Like, what are you doing? And the way he said like, I thought I assume some people say this is super long, because it's like, I don't know, 50 tweets or something crazy.

But when he was like, what are you doing? I felt super embarrassed. And I was like, shit, there's just delete this. This is stupid. And then I just like, let it ride for a few more minutes. And then it took off and now some crazy shit's happening. And like, I'm going on CNBC tomorrow to talk about it. So all kinds of crazy stuff has happened. You're going on CNBC tomorrow. Yeah. I wonder if it's the same person who invited Trunk on. So you're the second person associated with the company who's been on in the past two weeks.

I'm hot on Trunks heels. I saw him on last week talking about Kathy Wood and arc and stuff like that. And he was great. So if I can do half as good as he did, I'll be in good shape. And who else reached out to you? Can you say you told me a couple? Yeah, I mean, okay, so I can't say all the names. I'll say, well, okay, so first, I started getting mentioned by a bunch of cool people. So like, the guy who started YouTube was like, dude, this is fucking hilarious. Like, I love this.

And then so the bunch of people who have started big companies kind of were saying something. And I started getting DMs from people. And and I kind of went to sleep. At first I was refreshing for like four hours because I couldn't stop. Like I was mid workout. And then like between sets, I would go check my Twitter. It was kind of annoying. And Sony was like, what the hell are you doing? Like, what is this? And I was like, I don't know, I'm obsessed. I really just want to see it was like a I would pull the refresh thing and then a different kind of famous person who I look up to was usually saying like, this is awesome or something like that.

So that was kind of addictive. I went to sleep and woke up the next day. And so in my inbox is a offer for a book deal. Like a famous movie director who directed like a bunch of movies that we've heard of wrote like, dude, amazing storytelling. This is all like found my email address and emailed me that he's the I think I could say he's the director of like Space Jam two and like a whole bunch of famous movies. And then I don't know if I could say this one, but my favorite kind of podcaster content person out there.

DM me was like, this is this is a fucking great thread. And I was like blown away that this guy wrote this and then CMBC was like, Hey, would you like to do this? Some German news station was like, will you come on and talk about it? And I was like, wow, this is unbelievable. What could happen with just a random ass tweet? Like, how I kind of think you're right. Not even a good one really. It took me an hour. I sat down and I saw the way this played out actually was I had already believed this, but I thought, okay, that's not cool.

Like nobody thinks it's cool to just say, Oh, a startup is going to fail. Well, duh, most startups fail. So like, there's nothing that original there. But because I had built a product very similar to club boss, I kind of knew what the challenges are going to be and where they might get tripped up and what's going to be really hard for them. And and so I thought, well, I kind of feel like I know the product strategy here. But like, that's kind of a if I just write about the product decision, like some of the product challenges and the product strategy, this is a pretty boring tweet storm.

Nobody's going to really care. So when I ended up writing it, I wrote it like an episode of Silicon Valley effect or the stability to jerk different things simultaneously. Shit. Yeah, I think it would make the HBO show like I basically wrote it in that style. Like, I wrote like, you know, okay, you know, Emily Chang invites you on to, you know, whatever CNBC and to do an interview, you know, you wear your your visionary gray v next shirt, you go on and you say this, this and this. And so I was just kind of writing like a goofy style.

I wasn't just writing information. I'll try to entertain a little bit. And then Emily Chang replies to the thing being like, you know, I can't confirm or deny this, but this is on point. And so all kinds of crazy stuff was happening. But it took me about an hour and then I just hit publish. And you got like 30,000 followers from me congratulate or 20,000 maybe. Yeah, dude, that's the way that Twitter works though is like, you think it goes against like all the conventional good advice, which is just like, you know, be consistent, put out content all the time and like, you know, try to like hit a bunch of singles.

And like what I found, and I think, I don't know, you tell me if you found this too, which is like, it's just like five tweets that grew me from 20k to 120k. Five. Everything else was a cost of doing business. It's the it's the hits business. Yeah, it is. And so summarize this actually, I brought you asked me to ask you to summarize this, your bear case for Clubhouse, because we're actually going to use this probably for one of our Twitter videos. Okay, all right. So all right. So let me, okay, we got a we got we got to we got to get the video guys video guys, this is the part you're going to edit.

All right, here we go. So everybody's saying that Clubhouse is the next big thing. You're hearing about it all the time. They went, you know, from a test, I think they were in test flight, and they raised at a billion dollar valuation, which is kind of crazy. No, they're in test flight and they raised at 100 million. But it's now they're at a billion dollar valuation. It hasn't been long. They're still on iOS only, still pretty exclusive. You can't even you can't even join the app unless you have an invite. And so, but I see the other side of it, I think that they're going to fail.

I hope they don't fail. I think the world is more fun if they win. It would be awesome if they win. But I don't think me wanting them to win doesn't mean that that's what's going to happen. I sort of I said in the Twitter thread, I said, you know, if if me wanting something to happen would happen, then every bag of chips would come with block. But that's just not the way life is. And it's okay. So here's how it works. I pretend you're the CEO of Clubhouse, Sam. You know, first of all, you fucking did it.

You made it. People actually like the thing you made. They don't like it. They love it. And, you know, you check your DMS and Chris Saka is in your DMs. He says, dude, congrats. This thing is this thing is kick ass. And, you know, Naval is liking your tweets. And Keith Reboi is basically saying like, this isn't shit. You know, this is not garbage. And so you take that as a huge compliment as it is. And it feels like every day you open up the app and like a new star is coming on the platform like first kind of like just tech dork stars like, you know, the Mark Andre sense and Ben Horowitz people that we like, but they're kind of niche in our in our circles.

And then it will expand and all of a sudden you'll get, you know, NBA players coming on, you know, famous musicians, Logan Paul will come on. And then this was the most liked tweet. And the thing was, I said, you know, Gary V realizes that you created a new place to yell. And he starts telling everybody, Hey, if you really want to make money, go move back in with your parents and sell their furniture on Craigslist. And so every life is good, right? You get a term sheet, your value at a billion dollars. And, you know, you're doing interviews about and you and you got to kind of hammer it up, right? Because you can't just say, Oh, I made this app where you can go and chat rooms and talk to people that doesn't sound very, very fancy.

So you try to play it simple, but you talk really fancy, you say things like, you know, this is like, this is a serendipity network. This is this is not not just chat rooms, this is audio escapism. This is, you know, then you start saying like historical shit, like you're like, you know, humans have been talking to each other since the dawn of time, you know, around the camp, you know, around the campfire. And, you know, audio is so powerful, because you can see your, your tone and tech sure. And so you're going on the media tour and then like you get back to your computer one day and you look at the charts and, you know, the graph doesn't look as, you know, as up be into the righty as it's supposed to be.

And so you're like, what's wrong with this thing? You refresh and still the growth is kind of flat, maybe even declining. And you start to look a little deeper. And what you'll find if you're the CEO of clubhouses, after about, you know, a year into the product, you see that retention is not so good. It's not as good as it used to be in the early days. And, you know, why is that the case? And what will happen is that you'll realize that clubhouses use for two totally different things. There's two ways that clubhouse can be used.

If you talk to users or you watch them, you'll see these two things. Number one, it's a place to create content. And number two, it's a place to just chill just to go hang out with other people and have conversations. And so content is what we see all the time on there. It's panels, it's fireside chats, Q&A's, AMAs. And it's like, oh, this is content is like the next YouTube, it's where you go, you make, make content, people consume it. You know, and the problem is that a lot of the content like on YouTube is just like meh, you're at 98% of the content is junk.

And that's okay, that's the same for every platform, you just need to find that gold and there is gold on clubhouse, right? If you watch the Good Time show or the NYU girls who go on there and they had that show called Shoot Your Shot, that is gold, but you and so you want to triple down on that you're like, guys, this is what this is what we need to double down on how do we make this? How do we get more gold content? And you tell the whole team, we're going to go get more gold content.

And so the engineers, they go start building features for content creators, they build like a scheduling feature and Q&A tools and like a monetization features where you can make money from your fans. And the creators are happy, but the retention stays bad. And what you realize when you talk to somebody who knows what they're they're talking about here is that there's this like problem called the interestingness problem, which is that when you open up an app, there's one metric that matters called TTF and TTF is time to fun. How long does it take me to have some fun inside this app? Get some dopamine and all the great apps within seven seconds.

If you open TikTok, YouTube, Instagram in seven seconds, you're going to get something juicy, you're going to get fun. And, and you know, the way those apps do it is they have billions of pieces of content to choose from and the algorithm knows, okay, this is the most like content the last 24 hours. So it shoves it in your feed. And when you open the app, it's going to show you something great, right? TikTok calls us the for you page, because it's here's the best stuff for you. And that's why I take talking so addictive.

Every time you open it, you get something great. But for Clubhouse, you know, you tell your engineers, hey, that's what we need, make an algorithm that will do that. And the engineers, you know, they sit you down in a chair and they'll say, okay, we're going to do our best. But just so you know, it doesn't like, it's one thing to just find what's interesting, but we have to find what's interesting and is being created live right now. And when you multiply those two things together, it doesn't become twice as hard. It becomes 200 times as hard to find interesting content when you open the app.

And so the what happens is most people will download this app, they heard about Clubhouse, they heard it's cool. They'll open an app and whatever's on right then they'll walk into the first room, and it'll be kind of boring. It'll be kind of meh. And then they'll walk into a second room and then within 30 seconds, like, why the hell am I here? This app is stupid. They'll close the app and they'll probably never come back. And so they'll get a bunch of downloads, a bunch of sign ups, and then they'll all just be leaking out the bottom of the bucket.

And so, you know, you're the CEO. And so you're like, Oh, okay, yeah, live is harder. I get it. But Twitch did it. Twitch is live. And look at that. They got, you know, hundreds of millions of users. So clearly, it can work. You guys, the engineers, you guys just need to make it happen. And then, you know, the product manager, the engineers will come back to you and they'll say, well, Twitch is a little different, right? Because on Twitch, the great content creators are creating about 40 hours a week of content. They stream every day, six, eight hours a day.

And they're playing a game so they can do that. They can play a game for six hours straight and just talk while they're doing it. It's hard, but it's not anywhere near as hard as just opening clubhouse and being entertaining for six hours straight while talking. Maybe some radio hosts can do that, but the average person cannot. And then the second thing they'll say is like, also, you know, almost all the content on Twitch is about gaming. So as a viewer, if I come on there, maybe one creator is not live, but another fortnight creator is live or another fortnight creator is live.

It's like density around one passion, whereas clubhouse is every category. Some people come there for music talks, some for sports, some for tech. And so if I'm a sports person and I see a tech room, that's of zero value to me. So Twitch is vertical, clubhouse is horizontal. This is going to be really hard to get great content in every category. And so, you know, I kind of fast forward and, you know, okay, this is tough. And, you know, your meeting ends, the next meeting engineers leave next meeting is the biz dev guys, biz dev guys come in, and the biz dev guys are like, you know, they're what do you want us to do, boss? And you say, you need to go get great content, go get all the stars, we got all this money in the bank, go go pick cut some checks, let's get some star creators on the platform.

And you'll go to people who have who have a big audience who go to podcasters, right? You go to people like us. And then we're going to say, okay, so if I could spend an hour on clubhouse and get, I don't know, 2000 3000 people in the room, that's good, right? But like, if I just record a podcast, I'm going to reach 300,000 people with that. So why am I why would I ever make this trade? Why would I go live here? Why go live there? Right when I could just record my podcast. So you're the CEO, you say, All right, that's a tricky problem.

But maybe you could do both, right? Why do you have to choose? Do your show live on clubhouse? And we'll add a recording feature so that you could just make a podcast out of it later, you can have your cake you need it to. And so you do that and some creators start to use it. But you realize there's a big problem with that, which is as soon as you start to like let people record. And the core thing becomes, I'm recording my podcast here, I'm just doing a live version that will turn into my podcast or turn into a YouTube video.

Well, then this live thing becomes a second class citizen and I stop letting guests hop on my clubhouse room and chat with me because I don't know what the hell they're going to say it's unpredictable. And you know, what makes for a great live session is that spontaneity, but that makes for a shitty recording. And so, you know, that's that's another trap there. So okay, you finally you have an emergency team meeting, you say this whole content thing sucks. You know, we only have a few pieces of great content only a few hours a week for every vertical, this is going to be impossible to do in every category.

That's like recreating all of TV. And that's just really hard to do. You know, and I'm tired of all these people on there doing shows and Q&As and the success coaches trying to manifest millionaires and all this bullshit, you know, what is this discord for douchebags like screw shows, we need a new plan and we go we're going to plan B plan B is chilling, right? This is a social network. It's not a performance network. You come here to socialize you come here to just talk to other people. That's the most human thing in the world.

7 billion people on earth talk to their friends. This is what you know, this is what we'll do here. And you know, you you you you ask people who had a great experience so far on clubhouse, the people who think it's amazing, like our you know, our friend Narendra or you know, a bit different people who have really enjoyed their experience and you ask them why and they'll say, well, I came on and I was I was in this room or this really cool thing happened and Mark Andreson was there and then this guy was there and then you know, I went into a side room and I met a bunch of other cool people in the tech world and we got along great.

I made a bunch of new friends and you say, all right, that's what we're going to do and sure enough that actually solves your retention problem because people will come here. It will solve loneliness. People will come here. They'll hang out and they'll make friends. But all of a sudden your growth will stall. Right? Because if I'm coming here to make friends and I'm not bringing friends to the platform, that's kind of the the the rub there, right? So any platform where the value prop is to make friends, I'm not going to bring friends. So now you have sticky retention, but now you have no growth.

And in the other world, you had fast growth, but no retention. And so you're stuck in this catch 22. And you know, so then you know, just to kind of round it out, you eventually get disillusioned. You realize this shit's not going to work. You're trying to pivot. You eventually sell the company to Facebook. You spend a year as the manager of Facebook voice. And then you quit. You go you travel in Southeast Asia for a year. You do some ayahuasca and you vow to yourself I'm only going to ever work in enterprise sass again.

You know, screw this social thing. And so that's my story. Over the top. I'm hoping I'm wrong, but I think that's how it's going to play out. And I think a lot of people who are hate on you didn't realize that this is the life that you led. Yeah. Yeah. Some people are like, wow, that's really detailed. Where is this coming from? And some people are like, dude, that's way over the top. And I'm like, dude, I built this before like we built that so similar to this. It grew to four million users and Tony Robbins was using it and ESPN was using it and the Jonas Brothers and then Oracle was using it and then, you know, some of the tech guys and the 37 signals guys were using it and it was awesome product.

We're using it and then we hit the, you know, we get to four million members and we just started to see these same issues and we tried everything to fix it. And I hope these guys find the solution that we missed or maybe the world has changed or there's some differences. But the reason I, you know, this was 70% my experience, 30% you know, fantasy that I wrote this thing with. I guess we're gonna have to check in on this podcast and like maybe one year. I bet I think we'll see how things shake out in about 12 months.

Yeah. And I guess like the more interesting part that I wanted to talk to you about was, okay, so first of all, creating something that goes viral is such a crazy feeling and you've done it a ton. I mean, you built the hustle with a bunch of really viral blog posts. Like this is kind of nothing in comparison to the blog posts you guys wrote. And also you're a writer. So you kind of have a process where you sniff out stuff that you think is going to go viral. Whereas for me, I'm not really a writer.

This is kind of me just trying to get it. You, you, you have the it factor. I think that I think you can study and how to do it. I think that you can just be born with the skill set. I think you and I are quite similar in that it's both born or we have that natural gift and also we learn and master the craft. Right. I think you've you've tried it a lot more and therefore your hit rate I think is is higher. I personally I just think that but the question I was gonna ask you.

I mean, dude, you've got to 120,000 followers on Twitter in like basically six months. Yeah, that's true. So I wanted to share. So when I so the way this this came about because I think this is ultimately more interesting, right? The the rant is kind of interesting, but the how this happened, I think for people who are listening, they'll probably find it. I think they'll find it interesting. The way this started was a pretty high profile VC person called me one day. I had never met them before. They had said, oh, you seem interesting on Twitter.

I'd love to meet. So we did a phone call and then we were talking just about each other's background. This is cool. And then they were like, well, what do you think a clubhouse by the way? I got to ask and and I think they asked us because they had looked at investing. They ultimately didn't invest and they were trying to figure out like, am I going to kick? Is this going to be is this going to haunt me? You know, for the next five years that I missed this deal or is this going to be a good one? And you know, a good pass.

And I basically I just went on this rant on the phone about this. It just kind of came out of my mouth. I like just the way I kind of explained it here and without the whole like kind of dramatized like TV show script. But just the reasons why I think it's going to struggle and and they were like, wow, that was great. It's like, that was amazing. And I was like, shit, I should have wrote that down. That was like that would have I feel like that would have been like a good like piece of content.

And so I went in. I kind of like quickly was like, I got to go and I hung up the phone and I went to my computer and I just typed the whole thing out and and it turned it and then I was like, okay, whatever. I kind of edited it. I took it out. I did your your tip, which I took a break for an hour. Yeah, when it went and did something else came back and I edited it for about 30 minutes. Editing is the magic to everything. It doesn't matter if you're talking about viral tweet, a good email editing is the magic.

They say write drunk edit sober. Oh, that's a great one. I've never heard that. I love that. I think there are just ways to just I used to just edit in the moment like I'd write and that was a mistake. The tip you gave me a while back was go do other shit, let it simmer in your head while you do other things. Don't even actively think about it. By the time you come back, you can make it twice as good in 20 minutes. Yeah. And there's actually some science behind it. I can't tell you the exact science off the top of my head, but basically, you know how there's like a shower thought of like not doing it.

So there's like science behind like doing something really hard and then not doing it and then things hit you. There's science behind why that works and that's kind of what you're doing. Yeah, basically like the brain relaxes in some way and then when it relaxes, it's able to be creative in a new way. And so, okay, so then I post it and then whatever, you know, it goes well. So then, so that was that was the oh sorry, the other part that I forgot, which I think is my new it's something I've been doing and I'm curious if you do something like this before I write anything now at the top of every page, I have a template and at the top, there's like seven lines that says what reaction is this meant to get and I have seven emotions.

It's like lol. Like this is meant to be really funny. Is it W2E TF where it's like dude, what the fuck and that's when you're talking about something that's really unjust or people are pissed off and you want to you want to explain, hey, there's this really messed up thing that's happening and people will be like, oh my god. Then there's other ones like, you know, like AWW AWW something really cute AWE all like that something is awesome. Like wow, that is like kind of amazing. Wait, did I tell you that I do this? No, I actually learned this from these other guys who make viral videos, Rubber Republic, they had a search engine where you would just search by one of these emotions and it would pull up viral videos that had that that were based on that emotion.

So the way to go viral is you always want to start you start with the emotion that you're trying to get out of someone and we already know that certain emotions get more shares. So for example, creating depression or sadness that doesn't get shares. Creating outrage gets far more and with small tweaks you can make something sad outrageous and that's far better. Right. You know, so it's either amazing. It's super funny. It's really really out raging. It's it's really touching and heartwarming. That's another one. Hard to do and then the one I had for this which is kind of like a new emotion which was I wrote finally someone said it and I actually think that's adult that's its own genre that I didn't even have in my template because I was like, I think this is going to go viral but it doesn't match any of these.

I was like, I think for some people it's going to be WTF like, dude, this guy's a jerk. Why is he predicting failure? What an asshole? But I thought, no, it's going to go viral because if you say something that a lot of people have been thinking but they've been afraid to say or they couldn't put words around it exactly but they had this hunch, they will share it because they agree with your opinion and you think they're opinion for them. It's the idea of recognizing something that you feel that you weren't sure if other people feel but you see it on paper.

So the same example is with location. So when you see like how you know you're a San Francisco bro or how do I know? Do you know Sean? Like if I said, if I saw an ad that said, do you know Sean? I'd be like, oh wait, that's directed just towards me. Right. And so what's the emotion that you just evoked was like, finally, I didn't think I was the only one who thought like it's a recognizing it's a it's a recognizing something type of vibe and they're they're really sharing because they're like, I knew it.

I'm right. So they're not saying, wow, he's so right. They're actually saying, I'm right. Read this. This proves I'm right. Which is like a real subtle thing but I'm so interested in studying the like psychology around why people do what they do. Why do they share what they share? Because I want to grow an audience and this is the best way to grow it and I feel like this I'm this process that I'm doing. I'm so glad you said you do it too because I thought I was a little crazy. I was like, um, I know that's what we used to do.

I mean, that's what I do when I I'm like, I start with the emotion. Then I start with the package like how am I packaging this and then I start with the headline, then the preview image and then I work backwards from there. Right. And I always try to find like I'll find something that catches my attention just one fact or one line. So for example, I was just doing research on one yesterday. Do you know what recapture is? You know, like um, you know, for something, you're signing up for something that says spot right now days, they say like spot click the thing or type in the the whatever pictures assigned click it.

Yeah, it'll be like, you know, where are the traffic lights? Click all squares with traffic lights. And by the way, this is a good example. I saw this meme that was that recapture with the traffic lights and in one of the squares, just the tiniest corner of the traffic light is in it and then shows the guy like suit like sweating like crazy like, oh, fuck, should I include that or should I not include that? And that's one of those where it's like me too, dude, I have I always feel that way. I'm always confused by this thing that's supposed to separate.

I always feel that way meme. Now here I can take it another way. Do you want to know when I looked that up on Wikipedia, you want to hear a fun fact? Do you know why they do it this way? Is because people like Google. Um, I might be butchering this just a little bit, but the idea is the same. People like Google are paying recapture to translate stuff. So for example, somehow picking out that sign or saying where the headlights are that actually helps Google and Google's paying you money. It's paying. So the original capture was done by this guy.

He was a professor at Duke and Carnegie Mellon and capture originally was letters. Remember it was always he's kind of kind of like kind of hard to read letters, but you could read it and that was basically taking they had scanned a bunch of book pages. But who's going to convert the the computer was not good enough at trying by getting all the book pages to translate over to text in the computer because some of the book pages are a little bit rounded or wrinkled or kind of fuzzy. And so the computer couldn't do it, but a human eye could easily do it.

So they basically outsourced the work and solve two problems with one stone on the website side. They just want to make sure you're not a bot who's signing up for their service like a scammer who's going to spam everybody. But then they did good in the world also because that project ended up transcribing like millions and millions of books. I think all the books that they had scanned eventually and then capture two is about a recapture. I believe is about image classification. So for self driving cars, we need to know is this a bus or what is this? And so I think that's where the original idea was classifying images, let humans do it.

And the inventor of recapture the second one. His name is a Louis Von Han. I think that's how you pronounce it. He did both and that guy started Duolingo. And when he started Duolingo, he started it for two reasons. One, he I guess he just cared about helping you learn language. But two, when you are learning the language, you're actually translating stuff that a third party service is paying for you to translate. So that's crazy. So what a genius. The exact emotion that you just had of this guy's crazy. That is the emotion. Wow, this guy's trying to evoke by sharing that so I can tell that story and probably five tweets and I bet it will like, if by reality, it's pretty impossible to predict.

But I can bet that there's like a three out of 10 chance that it's gonna have that it has legs. And I could say this has all the this checks is all the box to get popular. I can't I can't anyone who says that they're gonna be able to predict it. They're wrong. Like Sean's thing just reached five million people. He was like, this is not gonna work. Right. It's a part of the other part. The other part you had there that was good is that you took a thing that we've all seen. It's a relatable.

Oh, I filled one of those in and you so you took a very familiar thing but I told you the uncommon truth around it, which I think is like really cool. Like there's one yesterday I saw, you know, Tom Cruise's name is not Tom Cruise. His real name. No, what is it? It's Tom. Tom Cruise something. It's like his middle name is Cruise and his last name is like some like looking up at some like I don't know random s like name and he changed it to Tom Cruise, which sounds like a total movie star name makes total sense that he did it and says, yeah, his real name is Thomas Cruise.

Mapo the fourth or something. I don't even know how you pronounce that. Mapo. Yeah. Tom Mapo versus Tom Cruise. And so you take something really familiar. We all know Tom Cruise, right? Boom. Here's the uncommon. Did you know? And then it's like, oh, sweet. Like, wow, you know, and that one doesn't have as much shock factor so it won't go super viral but it'll get a lot of likes but you know, the the closer you can get to that, the surprise gap between what I thought I knew and what's real, the more shares people will get.

Yeah, I think if anyone cares about this stuff, I like the book made to stick and I like the book Contagious by Jonah Berger. Contagious made to stick is how to say something so people remember and Contagious is a great book by this Wharton professor on how to make things get popular, how to make them spread like a virus. Hence Contagious. I like it. I haven't read that. You want to talk about paid newsletters really quick, a topic that we've discussed a lot. Yeah, let's do it. But this one is particularly interesting. The reason why is we've talked about this company a lot, Agora Financial.

I've brought it up to you a ton. They spun off a couple of their brands and they tried to do a SPAC and when they tried to do a SPAC, the company that they were spacking with just like kind of like went down like dropped like significantly. So they there was already a publicly traded company that was going to buy a few Agora brands. The stock went down big time but that's not that important. What's important is the numbers behind this paid newsletter business. So there's this company called actually I don't know what they call this little it's a subsidiary of Gordon of Agora.

I think they call it Beacon Hill. It owns six sorry, 12 different newsletter brands. Collectively those newsletter brands do where did I put the number? $550 million in revenue and $200 million in profit. And by the way, growing that grew 77% over last year. Is that crazy? Now I'm going to tell you all some more numbers. They have 10 million free subscribers. So kind of like the hustle. That's like they've got 10 million of that. This is even wilder. They have 550,000 people paying them 600 up between $1 and $600 for subscribers. Then they have a quarter of a million people paying them $600 to $5,000 and finally they have 100,000 people paying them more than five grand for a product for a paid newsletter.

And what is in this paid newsletter? What's the what is for things? It's way here's where things get way crazier. They have some paid newsletters that cost $35,000. Now the reason why what gets crazy what gets crazy with this is that they have 160 products across 12 brands. So what's that math? So each brand has 12 or 13 products and the products I don't even understand but basically I understand the business model. The business model is they get you to buy a 50 or $49 thing. Then they get you to buy a $2,000 thing and there and so they get you to buy that $49 thing and that $49 thing is like a monthly paid newsletter.

Like it's not significant. I don't understand how they get it to work and a large percentage of those $49 people buy the $2,000 thing. Okay. So but I feel like okay so these must be B2B newsletters, right? No, they're not. Yeah, that's an important part that I leapt out. Nearly all of this is around and we'll link to their deck. So they have a whole deck when they they it's kind of scammy. So they it's a financial and a wellness company which is kind of weird. They're talking about health and they're talking about wellness and if you click a gore up there Sean, under my name you'll see the deck.

Yeah, they say that their their target demographic is self directed investors. What's that mean? Well, I'm going to tell you if you look at the website, it's just a bunch of old kind of wealthy white people who are probably Republican and because the reason I think this is they have ads that say like Nancy Pelosi is coming for your guns. You better invest in these eight stocks. Like they say like crazy shit like that. Right. It's basically the like Motley Fool on you know steroids, right? Yes. But I think Motley Fool's ethical. These guys aren't.

They also sold a book on how to cure diabetes. But okay, I was going to ask you why do you think they're ethical and then you answered my question. And so it's all financial news financial newsletter financial news related stock picks and it's just a just a crazy story. I've brought this up tons of time. We don't spend too much time on it but it's pretty wild to actually see these numbers. I actually guessed that this is how big they were. Now we have proof. Yeah, you've been talking about Agora as like you know, doing hundreds of millions of dollars and you know, some people know about them but I would say most people don't know about this empire and most people I mean this blows away most people's expectations of you know, paid newsletter, right? Like, oh, you know, like I just had a paid newsletter as an individual, right? I made you know, a few hundred thousand dollars total and I thought I was crushing it and these guys are making hundreds of millions of dollars.

So when you look at this, my honest my honest reaction is dude, why couldn't you have done this with the hustle? Why what what did they do or what was the why was the hill too hard to climb where you could scale like this because this is huge. I don't think it was too hard to scale. I think I could have done it. I would say that this business has been around since the 70s. Right. So it's kicking ass now. It didn't always kick ass. If you're willing to be patient, you can do it. Second of all, if you're willing to put your ethics aside a little bit, it actually is quite easy to do.

It helps. So it's not easy but simple. How would you do this? You let's say you want to be these guys or beat these guys. What does you know you're saying you're probably one of the most well equipped people in the world to do this. How would you have gone about it? Well, what you have to do is you've got to create multiple brands under one. It's really hard to have one brand and only a couple products make all this money. Right. So you'd have to have for us, we would have done and we were going to do this but then we got bought and the reason I got bought was a whole different reasons which is basically I wanted to get a payday like and I wanted to I mean like I was I was pretty clear about that before like I wanted I like it was cool.

It's awesome. I'm going to stay here but like it was nice to like get a lot of ticket. But if I wanted to be patient and do it for 50 years which I kind of do to be honest. I would have created trends but for subset subcategories and you make the first newsletter the one that people pay for only like 49 or 50 bucks and we send you just a couple things a month and then the second thing is you go to subcategories and you charge thousands of dollars. For example, if there was a newsletter that dissected media companies, I work in the media industry and you told me it was $4,000 and I also got access to a community.

I ain't going to complain about it. Right. I'm I'm going to do it. If there's something for digital streaming and that you know that the five analysts are smart, Twitch is going to buy that. It's not that like challenging. It's not that hard. Right. And so that's what I would do from multiple industries and the thing that a lot of newsletter writers do which I've talked about those plenty of times and I don't have to talk about too much is they do one of two things. One, they charge too little and two, if they charge too little, they don't have a higher end back back product.

You need a front end and a back end. So, you need your cheap thing that gets a lot of people and then you need your paid thing that gets only a few people but it makes a lot of money. So, you guys at trends is like, I don't know, 300 something a year. You could have been $49 and then $5,000 would have been a better mix of value if you are, if you were optimizing for how do we get this thing as profitable as we can lucrative. Yeah. And had we not gotten bought, I would have done that.

I would have, we were about to change it. We were about to make that change. And by the way, what happens to trends now? People still pay for it or it's free now? They pay for it. We might lower the price before we are either going to make that the back end or we're going to make that the front end but we were going to copy this model of a $99 thing and then a $2,000 thing. Yeah. Dude, when I see companies like this, it just makes me want to do it so badly because it's like, it just seems so doable.

Now, I know that in practice, when I, and by the way, we get heat for this sometimes because we're like, dude, it's so easy. It's so simple. We're talking like relatively like building a successful business is hard. Okay. Like it's not just going to happen. We're not saying things are easy. Sometimes we actually do say that word easy. Really what we mean is simple. So like being able to bench 500 pounds, that is simple. Like it's straightforward. Straightforward. Here's how you get strong in the bench press. You lift a lot and then you eat a ton.

Now, that is quite hard to do for five years but that's the steps you take. So it's like simple. And so what we're saying is that this is simple. It is not easy. I think weight loss is actually a better example because 500 pounds is a hard thing to bench. Weight loss is literally simple where it's like, hey, you need to eat these types of, you know, void carbs, void sugars, you need to eat a little bit less, less calories than you're at the burning and like you should work out regularly. Do kind of whatever.

Just try to get an hour a day of, you know, break a sweat. If you actually just did those two things and be like, hey, give it like four to five months, six months. Boom. You're in great shape. Everybody knows that formula. It is actually simple. Executing it and doing it and having the discipline and having the rigor to like actually stick to it hard, but it is way easier relatively than becoming a CrossFit champion. Right. And so when we're talking about business, the scale is that it's like, it's hard to create the next Facebook.

That's really freaking hard. Is it hard to create a paid community? Well, I don't think most people who try it will do it, but it's relatively way easier than creating the next Facebook. So for people that out there, they get all sensitive when we call something easy. It's not, we're not trying to mislead you like, yeah, it's going to take work. Most likely it won't work. It'll take some time, but we're on a scale of one to SpaceX. This is more like a one than it is a SpaceX and like that's a that's a scale for people to think about.

I completely agree. And I think like, now let's talk about what makes this hard. The first is that you have to sell your soul a little bit. Now, many people will not be comfortable with this stuff. Sean is pretty comfortable with it. I think I'm comfortable with it, but I think I'm a little bit less comfortable with it. You have to be a face sometimes. You have to be, you have to say, I'm an expert at X, pay me money for me to tell you my thoughts. Second, well, no, this is all that. So guys like James Altucher, who we've had this podcast, he was ridiculed for doing this with Bitcoin.

Everyone made fun of him. He made $60 million doing it, but he still got mocked constantly and shockingly most people would actually prefer not to make the money and not get made fun of than they would to make the money and get made fun of. Well, the way I think about it is most people truly will not, they are afraid that they're going to get them, not going to get the money and get mocked. And so they're like, fuck it. I won't do it. If you really had a guarantee, I think people would happily trade reputation points for bank points.

But yeah, and perhaps, but that's a moot point because the fact is, is that most people don't even want to, because the first point you said of like, they may not get the money at all. That is also true. And that's what they're, they're not going to do that. So you have to do that. Second, it's a treadmill. You can't stop. This is a lifetime job. So if you're a content creator, you, I hired people to do it for me. You 100% can do that. But you're going to, you can't, you have to, you actually have to do the work for a little while in the anyway.

So you're going to have to work. And by the way, quick question hiring because people ask me this and I have no idea. I'm like, why don't you ask Sam? He's the one who did it. Why are you asking me? They'll be like, dude, the hustle has had amazing talent. Like they talk about Trung, they talk about Steph Smith. They talk about some of the people you guys do. I mean, I mean, I consider you, you be part of our crew. You, me, Trung, Steph, it's got Colby. We've got, yeah, we've got a bunch of people.

So the question is, where the heck did you find these people? So can you give me the 10 seconds on each? Where'd you find Trung? Where'd you find Steph? Where'd you find Colby? Where'd you find, you know, all these people? Colby was a worked at a PR firm where he was doing some copywriting work. And Trung, Aiman, did he just apply to you? Are you like recognized? I go, this guy's good. Mutual connection, friend of a friend said, you should talk to this person. Trung came from Aiman, Troy, a mutual friend and investor of the hustle.

Steph, I found on Twitter because I read her blog. Who else? I'd say, I just kind of want to know. And then when you found these people, are you, what's your, did you cycle through 30 people who kind of sort of sucked before you found the gems? When we actually sold to HubSpot, they're like, wow, you guys have a lot of churn. I'm like, yeah, but here's what we do. Like, this is actually quite normal in the editorial industry, but you hire a bunch of people and you've got a, you either fire or there's a mutual like, all right, we try it, it wouldn't affect.

And that happens a lot. Yeah. And you also have to set the tone. I would say that was also a key, right? Because you were writing it originally. And so you, yeah, and you saw the trend community, right people, and you saw the trends community, like I was the one actually doing all the work. Every day you were posting in that thing. Yeah. And that's that's the culture and tracks like minded people. I also think that once you find the winners, then you go all in on them. So Trong is what I call he's he's a made man.

Steph, a made woman. Whatever Steph wants to do something. Cool. Sounds good. What do you need? When other people come meet with an idea negotiate, maybe trying to time to double it, trying to double that number, whatever's number, same gave you time to double it. These guys are all doing great. Whenever if an outside person or if a non made person comes with an idea, it's, you know, why don't you just show me a little MVP and let us see what people think. If Trong says something, it's all right. Yes, sir. Right. Yeah, like you're proven hit makers.

So and then the the last thing is when we interview them, I always ask about the bottom fourth of the resume, which is like the college classes and all the things that they take because I want them to like entertain me during the interview. So in the same way that you are really good at storytelling, you have to have other people that are good storytelling. Right. Right. Okay, I like it. Can we do one idea real quick before we jump? So this kind of kind of kind of get a feel like it's out of left field, but I would say there's something interesting here.

So I like it on the page. Oh yeah. So I'm down here, virtual team building. So for a long time, people have had this problem of we have a team, we're working on stuff together, you know, as the boss, you're you know, sometimes you got to crack the whip and it feels like it's just task after task and deadline after deadline. And you want to make sure that this team is really coming together and is bonded and you want people to have a good time here and you don't want them to leave and all the good things you care about your people, the experience they have working for you.

And so in the old world, this was different team building solutions. And so we would do off sites. I don't know what you did with the hustle crew, but like, you know, some people go to a shooting range, some people go to an escape room, some people do like, you know, painting and wine tasting and what you would do. You know what I liked most, just like a fancy dinner. Right. Yeah. Let's go out to dinner, right? Let's go to a cool place. I you know, it's on me order what you want type of thing.

Yeah, I just like we would do like fancy dinners. Right. And and this is every every team literally I heard an NBA coach talking about this the other day goes man, we got all these new players so hard with COVID because in the old days, you just go to the bar, you put your your card behind the tab, you know, and you say all the drinks are on me tonight, you know, go crazy guys. He's like, and he's like, you didn't have to like have conversations like you just needed to give guys a night out together and good things will happen.

And and so with the you know, we have this remote work trend, everybody's going remote. So how are those teams going to do it? How are they going to do team bonding? Because although you get to spend more time with your family and you get not less time in traffic commuting, you do lose the water cooler, you lose the team bonding. So how are people going to do this? So I've seen some cool companies popping up that are doing this and I think they're doing quite well. So I want to point out a couple and then get your take on if you think these are good ideas, bad ideas or how you do it.

So the first one is team team rock team Rotary. Is that right? Yeah, team Rotary like camaraderie but for a team. And so this is actually backed by some pretty legit players like some pretty pretty famous people in Silicon Valley, which I'm surprised at because it kind of just looks like a goofy like they seem like small bootstrapped ideas, but actually they have some big backing because I think people recognize the spaces. Big companies pay tens of thousands of dollars per division a year to have team bonding. And so then you know, in a big company, you have, you know, easily high six figures, low seven figures worth of spend on on this type of thing.

That's my guess. I'm not in the finance team. So maybe I'm off, but I think that's about right. I'm looking at is one. First of all, team Rotary looks interesting, horrible name. What an awful name. They've got a pretty badass, a pretty badass set of advisors, guys like Keith Roy boy who seems to hate everything as you've said is on their advisor or their board. Pretty interesting. Yeah, exactly. So he's on this and it says trusted by 300 plus global teams. You see Pinterest and you know, Summer Sanders. Who's that? Do you don't remember Summer Sanders? She was from and she was like a swimmer in the 90s and then was the host of the Nickelodeon TV shows.

No way. That's that's hilarious. Summer Sanders works at product development at Team Rotary. So like, you know, you could do things. So if I click their experiences, right, I click the bond and engage category. So it's like a coffee and tea tasting, a wine tasting, a guacamole tasting, a painting class or whatever it could be if you do kickoff kick team kickoffs. Okay, we got our guacamole tasting again, but we also have the high heel chew project, a lesson for inclusion. You know, so there's these like kind of team experiences, lessons in a box or bonding in a box experience it.

So that's one. Then our friend from the pod, Greg Eisenberg created one called nice break.fun. Dude, this guy loves like cute names. Yeah, give me a name check. How do you feel about nice break.fun? It's okay. It's good. He'd love like he he love Greg is like the coolest guy in my company like public school or like schoolworks or like school bus like what his studio is called late checkout. Late checkout like you know the grocery store. I remember being like, why did you open this agency late checkout? It seems like a weird thing to do.

Like you're an entrepreneur. Why are you doing this like kind of like product design creative agency thing? And and then every week he's like, yeah, we were like, I'll put I'll post a cool product that I think is awesome. He's like, oh, yeah, we worked with them. We designed the prototype. I'm like, he's doing it for all of them. I'm like, oh, actually, this is fucking awesome. You're like on the ground floor of all these things you can invest in them. You're meeting them. You're like seeing all these spaces and getting paid to do it like, okay, that's pretty cool.

And he's using that to fund his own his own projects. They're their own internal projects, which I don't know. That's that's actually a pretty cool way of doing it. But they have things like a comedian will do like an improv class with you guys over zoom or a virtual escape room or a you know, a wardrobe makeover or stuff like that. Right. So I think this is kind of cool. And there's other products like this that are like just a straight up zoom escape room. It's like eight people enter one hour goes on the clock.

And the whole thing happens in zoom. So I think there's this is going to be I think a pretty big space that starts out looking like a toy but ends up being a pretty pretty solid business. What do you think? Yeah, I first of all, late checkout.com or sorry, with late checkout.com is Greg. It's mostly Sean's buddy. He's got a community community design firm. Go to that website and look at what he's doing. It's really good. That guy is really good. Nice break fun. Nice break that fun. I think it's cool. They're charging a lot of money, which I think is badass.

So they charge $2,000 a month plus. Okay, so a grant a month gets you two nice breaks per month for and that's for companies that are 25 to 50. If you're okay, I understand how this works. Yeah, this could be a hit. I think this is great. I think this could totally be a hit. Can it be a huge VC thing? I don't know, but this could make tens of millions of dollars in. Yeah, exactly. And the other thing is one way to think about problems like these or find opportunities like these is you go in the C suite.

So you say, okay, there's a CEO, there's a CMO, there's a CTO, CFO, CIO, whatever, right? You go through all of them and we were laughing because you were like, what the hell is a CRO? So this is what a CRO thinks about. They're the chief people officer essentially of a company. I kind of use this interchangeably. Maybe there's some nuance difference. Sorry to you know, the three CROs that listen to this podcast. I didn't mean to. What is the CHR chief? Human Resources, I think, officer. So they think about this stuff, right? They're like, okay, the whole workforce has just gone remote.

We really care about what's called employee engagement, which just means how happy are people to work here? Are they going to leave? Are they going to, is this a toxic work environment or not? And so then they have this, so one thing you could do is you go talk to these people and you just sort of say, what sucks? What's keeping you up at night? What are you stressing about? And you start to ask these questions and at first they won't give you a whole bunch, but then you say, all right, can you show me your budget for the year? Oh wow, you spent a lot of money on you know, people development.

What does people development means? And it's like, oh, that's corporate training and blah, blah, blah. Oh, interesting. Who do you guys use for that? You go look up those companies. That is like, some people, sometimes people ask like, how do you guys think of these things? That's how we learn these things. It's like, we just start to sniff in these types of ways and you start to learn about all these spaces that are outside of just your day to day worldview. So if you're out there as an entrepreneur trying to figure out, where can I build a company where there's, I don't want to just guess on demand.

This is one way you go talk to somebody who's in charge. You figure out what they're, what's stressing them out, what problems they need solved, what language they use when they describe it. That's your landing page. That's your ad. And then you look at their budget and you see, does the money map to the problem? And if the money maps to the problem, you start to see, oh, okay. And you ask them, hey, which budget line item is growing a lot year over year? Which line item was smaller last year and bigger this year? Because that's the space where they're still looking for new solutions.

And you could do that for an individual as well. I think what you can do is you can go sign up for Mint or whatever and just look at the categories of your money and just look at the trailing 12 months and be like, wait, what am I consistently spending money on and do that with five or 10 friends? And that's actually a great way to find an idea. And doing it with businesses is far more profitable. So you just go and you look at, you look at quick books and you say, all right, what's going on here? Where's all the money going to? Right.

It's an awesome way. That's actually kind of a cool business in itself, which is like, how do I, how do I, why? Like wallet share, like, how do I just see how wallet share these people are moms in America? Where's their wallet going? Right? Like, what are they spending their time and money on? I think, you know, big brands like, I don't know, Proctor and Gamble, they, they think about this a lot. They interview a ton of moms. They say, okay, you know, the mom controls this much at the household budget, you know, 70% or whatever.

And then within that, every month she's spending X% on groceries, Y% on household cleaners, this percent on this, this percent on this. And that's how they decide, okay, we need to invest our product development according to where the budget is. Because that's how that's how we make our money back. That's such an interesting way to do things. Like, I guess you could do it. How many public companies, there's 2000 public companies in America, you could easily more, I think there's like 4000, 4000. However many Michael actually said in the last episode, 4000, let's say, you could easily do that with with all their categories.

Right. You can't see the line items, but you could see like G&A or but you might be that's kind of an interesting study. Right. And, and you can do this with just media companies, how are our media, what, what is the expenses look like of a media company? Where are the allocatings? You know, where are they? Where do they spend all their money and where which which ones are changing over time? Where is things shifting? And so I think that's kind of like an interesting signal that you can use at the company level, one division in a company, individual person, whatever.

And I think you get a lot of insights from that. I think that's a great idea. I think what we just said of like, did you make up that name wallet share? Is that a thing? I think that's a term in general. Like, it's a general term, but, but I've also seen this, by the way, in terms of in the social networking space, in terms of time. So we chat, I think, or one of the Chinese companies, they had this presentation I saw. And you know, I'm sitting there trying to go through a Chinese presentation.

So, you know, maybe someone's lost their translation, but I got I got the general idea, which was they want to app for every minute of your day. Because China has all these super apps, like we chat, you can pay your house bills in it, and it's like WhatsApp. And you can also like subscribe to Netflix through it, you know, their version of Netflix, but it's also like, you know, where you post photos and stuff like that. So what they said was like, they took a person's day. So they're like, okay, 15 year old kid wakes up in the morning at this time.

First 10 minutes of the day, what products are they using? What apps are they using? And they start to break it down minute by minute, basically like, what, where are their gaps? So today, we're taking a four hours of this person's time. If they're awake for 12 hours, how do we spend how do we get 12 hours of their 16 hours? How do we get 16 hours of mind share from this person? Well, they watch movies at night, we need an app for movies. Well, during the day, they need they message the friends, we need that they need news, they get the news are cool, we're going to do news.

And that's how they, they think about, because how do they expand if you're an ad based business, you need attention. So how do we get more attention? Why need more hours of the day of yours? How do I get more hours of the day? Well, I got to figure out how you spend it today. And I got to insert myself there. I have a few friends that have worked on those on that at Facebook, where they were like, All right, we have found out that if you put stickers on to photos, people spend like five seconds more.

And they have like 50 people just working on stickers. And I'm just like, kill yourself. Like these people hated their job. Do one of my best friends, his job at Facebook was literally he was in the you know, it was called like security and safety and privacy of community or something like that department. And literally, he's like, I just try to make sure a dick doesn't show up on your Facebook feed. He's like, so he's like, you wouldn't believe how many dicks are posted on Facebook every day. He's like, Have you ever seen a dick? And I was like, No, never not one.

He's like, that's right. That's cool. You're like trying to protect people whatever. That's cool. But like, he's like, I'm writing like, he's like, I'm reviewing folders of images that are just being like dick, not a dick, dick, not a dick, right? And then like also same thing on the algorithm side, like, we were writing programs to train the computer to recognize this versus that. And he's like, cat mass game, I was harder than you think. They're always one step ahead. Like, dimes or Sean's D. No, that's just about a dollar in pennies. They, but yeah, I mean, at least that job is all right.

But like, I can't imagine working at a Facebook or an Instagram and just all I'm trying to do is suck more of people's time. Yeah, it is sad when you think about it, like the best brains of our generation are basically sitting inside the giant slot machine and being like, okay, how do we how do we get the rat to come back again? You know, like, how do we get her to come back more and more and more and spend more time and more time right? Like that's the reality. And it's like, hey, I get paid $500,000 a year to do this and I get free lunch and they do my laundry and I get foot massages on Fridays and like people think I'm joking.

That's those are all true things that happen. Um, before we wrap up, did you see that you were you so you and I are one for one of being turned into meme. So you posted something like I'm looking for a meme creator $500 month, no vacation. And you posted all those other funny stuff and people like mocked you liquidity. A bunch of people mocked you. It's pretty great. I think hopefully they realize that like we do this shit on purpose. Yeah, or like, it's not even like, okay, I'd love to say, huh, I'm in on the joke.

I knew this. Like, yeah, I knew it was silly, but like, I didn't think I would turn into a meme. We know like we're self aware enough to know this is like, like, yeah, mockable. I wrote no vacation. It's not even a real job. Like, of course, this is a fake job posting. I'm not fake. It's like, I'm basically like just being like, Hey, does someone want a side hustle for me by making a bunch of memes? You can make $500 a month. Just make me a few memes every week. That's really what I was trying to say.

But if I say that, it's only going to get like 100 likes. But if I say it the way I said it over the top, boom, I got thousands of likes and if the thing spread and a bunch of people got angry, literally like Taylor Lorenz was like, why does this person not get sickly? Because it's not a job. And so, and so, um, yeah, we're kind of doing this on purpose, but also I am just kind of a character and like, I don't I'm just saying things, you know, as I think them and then I move on with my life and like, I win either way.

Like, I win if if you get mad, I win. If you know, like, if you take it seriously and you apply, I win. Like it's I win. I win no matter what. As long as I don't get completely canceled, I win. Which might happen one day soon, but we'll have we'll have fun until then. And I will explain someday why I am hiring a personal meme god to to to do some memes for me. I will explain that. You have to explain that. What I mean, there's nothing there's something actually a cool story. There's actually a cool story around it, but it's not quite ready.

The story will be cooler if I put the whole thing together and then explain it when it's when it's ready. So that will come in a couple months. Um, and I guess you'll have to share some of the best ones you got. Yes, sir. Um, all right. That's it.


