---
description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXZbtgxUERY
---

# 75% Of Jobs Are Worthless

Date: 03/24/2022

Duration: 12 minutes, 57 seconds

Model: Whisper-small

So, there's this book that I've been meaning to read. It's on my to read list and it's called Bullshit Jobs. And so, it's this premise that like, I think it was a professor, some guy from school of economics of London or something like that. And his whole like, I'm again, this is from memory, I didn't research this much. His whole idea here is that most jobs out there in the world, like at least in white color world, like it's just kind of unnecessary. And to summarize it is like, take a company like HubSpot, Amazon, Twitter, what would happen if you laid off two thirds of the people? Would anything, do we think anything would change other than the company would just make more profit? And this guy says in most cases, yeah, it would actually, it would run just fine.

And most of the jobs that you have are just worthless. And I kind of agree with him. I kind of agree. I don't have knowledge of it other than just personal experience, but I don't, it does sound like it. And it's hard because there's no counterfactuals. So you don't get to run the test and actually, you know, you can't split test and run, run both versions and see which one ends up better. But I've had this inkling for a while when we were getting acquired. And I, we were getting acquired by Twitch and as part of it, they're like, Hey, you got to like, you know, basically like your whole team is going to come in for a day of interviews.

And that's going to decide kind of like if we take your whole team or not. And I had to do my interviews well. And so I'm going in there and they're like, you know, the classic job interview question, job interview structure is like, I ask you a bunch of questions for 95% of it. And then the last 5% of it, I'm like, so do you have any questions for us? And then you're supposed to say something that's also just you showing off to like, you know, show some other strength of yours, you know, in a different way.

And, and I had one genuine question, I asked it to every single person and they were kind of like, taken aback slash they thought I was kind of a jerk. Some people thought they reacted kind of well, like, oh, that's refreshing. I don't know. You know, I hadn't really thought about it. But I could tell other people were slightly offended by my question. And my question was, I would say how many people work at Twitch and they would be like, I think we're at 1800 or 2000 people now. I said, and how many people do you think, I forgot how I phrased it, but it was something like, how many people do you think Twitch needs to hit its goals? And I was like, how many people do you think should work here? All right, that's how many people do work here.

How many people do you think should work here? And people were like, so I asked the CEO this question too. And he was, I give him credit because he's someone who prioritizes the truth over being right. Getting it right is way better than being right. But he's also like a kind of a fierce debater. So he's not just going to lay down and be like, oh, you know, yeah, you're right. I changed my opinion about things. So he took the question and he didn't, I would say nine out of 10 CEOs would get quite offended by this question because it basically implies you've mismanaged the company by bloating.

It's a great question. I would not be offended. He was not offended either. And he was like, that's a good question. He's like, I think like 2200. So he was like, yeah, I think we're a little short of what we need to hit his goal. And he's like, and then his take was basically like, you know, I'm not saying we have all the right people or the most talented people or that like there's not people who are underutilized or just kind of, you know, the fat. I wasn't really his point. It was like, I think we can be this much, this ambitious.

And to do that, we would need, you know, like 200 awesome people like working in unison. I still think he was wrong. I think we, I think, you know, the company kind of operate on a third of people, but I would have followed up with a few questions. The first one would be, okay, but do you think that you need to hire 2200 people because you know that only 10% of them are going to be actually value add and you just have to hire the rest in order to find that 10%. And then I would say, and also is it possible that you only that you think you need 2200 because you really only need like 20% effort from all those people.

And that's what your expectation is. And then finally, how much does redundancy come into play here? How much do people are you just paying them and you just don't want to mention to them, but you're paying them to sit on the bench and when the person next to them quits, they just are ready to roll. Right. Yeah, I didn't, I didn't follow up that hardcore about it. But I think those were, you know, very like valid, valid points. And also, you know, one thing I kind of learned from him was like, let's take that redundancy one, right? Sounds bad, right? Sounds like, oh man, you're paying a bunch of people to kind of do nothing, just sit around.

No, it's insurance. And he's like, that was exactly his take, which was like, I think it was on speed. I was complaining how slow we were going. And he's like speed. He's like, it's going slow sometimes to feature not a bug here. And he's like, or like innovation. I was like, oh man, we're not really innovating everybody else's. You didn't say this outright, but I, you know, I gathered this through our conversations, which is like, there are some things we're going to innovate on. But actually the optimal strategy here is to let a bunch of startups go out and try to innovate.

And then if anything works, either buy them or clone them, like that is actually the best way for us to innovate. It's like the, it's free. We get way more experiments done by super caliber, you know, super hungry, motivated people like startup founders and their teams who are laser focused on just that one thing. And they'll try radical experiments that we would never otherwise do. And we don't have to fund it, but we can sit back and watch it. And then when we're ready, we can either go try to acquire them, partner with them. Or if they don't want to do any, either of those, we could build our own and just use our distribution and our brand, which, you know, we have a, if we have, you know, X millions of users, then we should be able to out compete them from there.

And my issue with, I think that's actually is the optimal strategy. I agree with Emmett. I think on most things, I imagine I would totally, I should say, I'm not putting words in his mouth. This is like what I gathered from a bunch of different conversations. I'm sure he would disagree with like, you know, 40 or 50% of what I just said, some paraphrasing him poorly. Yeah. And it's just like your opinion on your takeaway my take of his takes. And I, I think I would agree with, I bet I would agree with a lot of what he thinks.

My issue is when you're like a small company, like under 50 people, they're all in it. A lot of times you're in it for a mission. You're in it to achieve something. I think that you can get away with just being in it because people just like being in the thick of it with their friends. Like they just like the action. When you get a little bit bigger, I think it's less mission oriented and you're, and it's just a job, but you still have to put on this face like this to inspire people. And it kind of sucks because the truth is, is like, well, you know, I, I know that, you know, a lot of you are only working 40% and that's okay.

I'm okay with that. I baked that into this. I know that a lot of you aren't working at all, but you're really just here in case the guy next you quits and then hopefully you're going to train the next person. And I know that a lot of you want to innovate and try these new things, but that's not really what we're going to do. We're going to keep doing the same shit just a little bit better. And then maybe every once in a while I'm going to have a team that makes something totally new. And I know all of this, but just tough and figuring out how to navigate and, but have that like to say what I just said, but in a really inspiring way or unfortunately just lie.

You got to lie or not saying it is actually the best way. Yeah. Just act. You got to just act and pretend and be a politician a little bit. I find that to be incredibly challenging, but I think it's incredibly necessary. Yes. You're spot on. You're spot on with that. You are spot on with what you just said. Do you think you could do it? You know, I think the thing you said, so you have ever heard a Dunbar's number? Yeah. What's it mean again? So Dunbar's number is basically it's 150. That's the number and it's meant to represent the number of different like how many people you can know.

How many people you are familiar? You like know their name, their face. How many people can one person know actually, right? Somebody's like, I got 6,000 friends. Like, no, well, you don't really know 6,000 people. And so Dunbar's number was used to be 150. It's like in a tribe, you could know 100 up to 150. You could know everybody in the tribe past 150. You don't know everybody in the tribe. And then tools like social media and stuff came out that kind of like, it's like a tool for the human body to like do more.

So like you might be able to know and keep up with more than 150 people now because Facebook makes it easy with the news feed and photos and their name is listed there and whatever. You get to see it all the time. I think what you're saying is like your version of Dunbar's number, which is 50 and it's like below Dunbar's number. Oh, call it. Below 50. Below 50. The people who are there are like, you know, down for the cause. The larger prior obviously they care about themselves, but like a bigger like one of the top factors, either number one or two can be like the cause and then like or even just like, just like, you know, like that kid who said he wants to do hood, red stuff with his friends.

Like that that could be the cause. Like I just want to, I just, there was a viral video like years ago and they interviewed this like nine year old who stole his grandmother's car and crashed it. And the guy was like, why did you, why did you steal her car? That's, that was really bad of you. And he goes, he goes, I try to be good, but sometimes I just like doing hood rat stuff with my friends, like smoking cigarettes and driving cars. Play the video, play the video bed. You got to play that really quick.

Can you play it along the way? He ran over two mailboxes, hit two parked cars in a Costco parking lot and struck two moving cars near Walmart. I want to do it cause it's fun, fun to do bad things and drive into a car. But did you know that you could perhaps kill somebody? Yes, but I wanted to do hood rat stuff with my friend. That's how I feel about startups. The YouTube feature for this podcast just took us to a whole new level already. First one is great. Second, we need to pull the clip of, yeah, just sometimes I want to do hood rat shit with my friends.

And that needs to be a sound clip, Ben, that you can just play when Mirrod Sanvers talking about something dumb that we're doing. So just, just go ahead and cut that one out. That's the best part about, that's the best part about startups. Like I don't care if it's ad tech, I don't care if I'm sewn clothing. I don't care. Like it feels like when you're, when you're like pulling shit off and you're like kind of fibbing to people and like, yeah, you know, we've been, you know, we really care about our customers. Our team is, it's like just the review and you know, it's like you're just like trying to pretend that you're a big deal.

Like that's hood rat shit. And I love doing that with my friends. But I wanted to do hood rat stuff with my friend. By the way, have you struggled to do that at another giant, a big enterprise, you know, fast company that's like worth billions of dollars and hood rat shit is now frowned upon. And you're like, I just yanked it. I yanked it. You can't, and they're like, you just yanked it, Sam. Why did you do that? We have a process for that. Because I definitely could think of like two or three examples where I was bragging about something I did that was like the startup scrappy thing.

Like what? Well, I would just be like, yeah, like, you know, like, for example, there was like a competitor and I like went met, I like talked to the founder and I was like, yeah, like, you know, I basically found out a bunch of their numbers. And I was like, oh yeah, you know, they're growing this fast. This is doing blah, blah, blah. And they're like, well, how do you know that? And I was like, well, I talked to him. I told him I was interested in blah, blah, blah. And they're like, oh, I was like, what? And they're like, well, you know, we just usually we don't, we don't do hood rat shit.

Basically, it's like the reward I thought I was creating was like, well, we're going to need to talk to legal and also corporate dev is going to have to, you know, we have a guy whose job is to have those conversations. And we typically sign a lot of engagement before, you know, like whatever, it was like, not the exact example, but like things that in the startup when I was doing my startup, I would be so proud of my hack about like whatever or like, I remember once I was negotiating a partnership deal. And like, basically, I was like really negotiating for like every, like every inch, which as a startup, I used to love winning a deal, like doing it, we're getting a good deal for ourselves.

And and they were just like, you know, they're like, you know what, like we'd rather just use our standard deal. And it's more favorable for him. So he'll be happy. And we don't have to like, you know, let you like negotiate deal by deal on these things. And like, you know, in general, we don't really want you negotiating directly with the person we have like partnerships with people who do that. You're like the big old boss, you're like the big old boss guys like, dude, you need a toe, I'll get you a toe. I'll get you a toe if you need a toe.




